2015-05-31T13:03:00+10:00 : Just found this news article on the subject, looks like we get an added bonus to go with our $28.50 shares 

Clydesdale Bank to be demerged as Australian owners plan hasty UK exit
Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks will be floated in London after being split from its parent company, National Australia Bank announced on Thursday. 

NAB, which has long been a reluctant owner of the UK banking group, said it plans to demerge Clydesdale - the company that includes both the Edinburgh and Leeds-based banks - by the end of the year. 

The Australian parent wants to float between 20pc and 30pc of Clydesdale, and spin off the rest, giving shares in the demerged company to its shareholders.

The bank is still open to takeover offers, however. 

NAB bought Clydesdale Bank in 1987 and Yorkshire Bank three years later, but their poor performance in recent years has been a millstone for the Australian owner, with the bank suffering losses during the financial crisis and having to pay out substantial compensation for PPI mis-selling.

Advertisement

Only last month, Clydesdale was fined £21m for doctoring PPI evidence, and it having to review tens of thousands of historic claims. 

Andrew Thorburn, NAB’s new chief executive, has said that exiting the UK is an “absolute priority" as the Australian bank focuses on its home markets. 

Under the orders of the Bank of England, NAB will have to give Clydesdale £1.7bn to protect against future misconduct costs.

NAB said: “Significant work has been undertaken on a range of exit options, in particular those provided by public markets.” It added that the unusual de-merger, which will result in most of Clydesdale being handed directly to shareholders, would deliver “greater certainty than a full IPO alternative”. 

The announcement came as Clydesdale said half-year profits had risen by 33pc to £118m, most of which was due to writing off fewer bad loans.

NAB also said it planned to raise A$5.5bn (£2.87bn) in a rights issue to raise its capital levels.