2016-09-15T23:02:00+10:00 : U.S.-based start-up Ripple, a  provider of blockchain-based cross-border payments technology  for banks, said on Thursday it has raised $55 million in a  second round of funding.  	Blockchain is the underlying technology in digital  currencies such as bitcoin and has become one of the hottest  innovations in the financial services world.  	The company has raised a total of $93 million over the last  two years, said Chris Larsen, Ripple chief executive officer and  co-founder, securing funding from new investors including  Standard Chartered, Accenture, SCB Digital Ventures, the venture  arm of Siam Commercial Bank, and SBI Holdings.   	"We have a ton of resources now that will allow us to  continue to grow," said Larsen in an interview with Reuters.  "The team is now about 135 people. And we're aggressively  growing, especially in our integration and engineering groups."  	Existing Ripple investors include Google Ventures, venture  capitalist Andreessen Horowitz, IDG Capital Partners, and AME  Cloud Ventures.  	Ripple aims to ultimately enable the exchange of value as  seamlessly and quickly as exchanging information. It reduces the  cost of settlement by enabling banks to transact directly,  optionally using the digital asset Ripple.  	Larsen said with Ripple's technology, it takes three to five  seconds to transfer a cross-border payment, compared with three  to five days under the current international payment system.   	The company also announced it has added several banks to its  payments network. Standard Chartered, Westpac, National  Australia Bank, Mizuho Financial Group, BMO Financial Group,  Siam Commercial Bank, and Shanghai Huarui Bank are now among the  global banks that have adopted Ripple to improve their  cross-border payments.  	"Siam Commercial Bank is excited to take a pioneering role  in investing and piloting money transfers through Ripple's  network," said Thana Thienachariya, executive committee chairman  of Digital Ventures, a unit of Siam Commercial Bank.  	"Our participation makes SCB the first Thai commercial bank  to move forward with remittance and other use cases with  blockchain."  	Ripple's global network includes 15 of the top 50 global  banks, 10 banks in commercial deal phases and more than 30 bank  pilots completed.   	"The real problem in the world is that we have a series of  siloed network the U.S. system does not interact with the  European system, or China's system, and that's what we're trying  to solve," said Ripple's Larsen.