2016-02-02T18:42:00+11:00 : (Adds futures, company news items)  	Feb 2 (Reuters) - Britain's FTSE 100  .FTSE  index is seen opening about 36  points lower, or down 0.6 percent on Tuesday, according to financial bookmakers,  with futures  FFIc1  down 0.4 percent ahead of the cash market open. For more on  the factors affecting European stocks, please click on:		  The UK bluechip index closed 0.4 percent lower at 6,060.10 points on  Monday, with commodity shares falling sharply after a factory survey in China, a  major consumer of metals and oils in the world, disappointed investors.	 BP: BP  BP.L  on Tuesday reported an annual loss of $6.5 billion in 2015,  its worst in at least 20 years as the British oil and gas company struggled with  a sharp downturn in the oil market.	Sainsbury' Britain's second-biggest supermarket  SBRY.L  said on Tuesday  it had agreed a 1.3 billion pound ($1.87 billion) deal to buy Argos-owner Home  Retail  HOME.L  in cash and shares.	BHP BILLITON: Standard & Poor's cut BHP Billiton Ltd's  (BHP)   BLT.L   credit rating and warned it might be lowered further if measures to shore up  cash levels were not taken, cementing expectations the world's largest miner  will slash its dividend for the first time in 15 years.	OCADO: British online grocer Ocado  OCDO.L  met forecasts with a 13.8  percent rise in full-year core earnings and said it expected to sign multiple  overseas deals in the medium term.	TALKTALK: Britain's TalkTalk Telecom Group  TALK.L  said on Tuesday it had  lost 101,000 customers in its third quarter after it suffered a high-profile  cyber attack in October.	CLYDESDALE BANK: National Australia Bank  (NAB)  said the spin-off of its  UK unit Clydesdale Bank Plc  IPO-CLBP.L , expected on Tuesday, would be delayed  for 24 hours.	TULLETT PREBON: Tullett Prebon  TLPR.L  said the United States Department  of Justice had requested additional information relating to the British  interdealer broker's proposed acquisition of ICAP Plc's  IAP.L  global hybrid  voice broking and information business.	SHELL: Credit ratings agency Standard and Poors on Monday downgraded oil  major Royal Dutch Shell Plc  RDSa.L  to A+/A-1 from AA-/A-1+ and put its  long-term credit rating on creditwatch negative citing sliding oil prices.	 EASYJET: British low-cost airline easyJet  EZJ.L  said it would trial a  new fuel cell system on planes that could cut its fuel bill by up to $35 million  a year, as part of its battle to keep fares low and compete against Ryanair   RYA.I .	HSBC: London-based bank HSBC  HSBA.L  has lost its appeal against the  launch of a formal investigation in France into allegations it helped customers  dodge tax, two sources told Reuters on Monday.	EU REFERENDUM: The head of the European Council will on Tuesday present a  "new settlement" proposal in talks with Britain on reforms aimed at keeping the  country in the 28-nation bloc.