2016-07-26T14:04:00+10:00 : (Corrects ANZ CEO's name in eighth par)  Creates 3 main divisions for small business, corporate,  retail  Move aimed to increase focus on Australia, NZ operations  NAB shares down 0.7 pct in weak Australian market  	National Australia Bank   (NAB) , the country's No.1 lender, on Friday announced a top  management shake-up and restructuring to reverse declining  market share in Australia and New Zealand, leading to the  departure of three senior executives.   	After exiting struggling UK operations and selling a  controlling stake in its life insurance business, CEO Andrew  Thorburn is under pressure to boost growth at home where NAB has  underperformed its three big rivals in recent years.   	"To me this is another sign of the ongoing transition of NAB  to an Australia and New Zealand-facing business," said Simon  Burge, chief investment officer at Above The Index Asset  Management.	  	Three senior executives - Michaela Healey, Gavin Slater and  Renee Roberts - will leave the bank as a result of the  restructuring. A NAB spokeswoman said there would not be any job  cuts as a result of Friday's announcement.   	Investors shrugged off the changes, with NAB shares falling  0.69 percent in a weak Australian market, tracking the broader  banking index.  	Australia's largest business bank has consistently lost  market share in business lending from nearly 25 percent in 2012  to 22 percent in March 2016. Market share in home loans also  dropped during the period.   	More nimble online rivals as well as foreign players such as  Chinese and Japanese lenders are rapidly expanding their loan  books in Australia, leading to tighter margins and falling  revenues for the established majors.  	Australian banks' overseas ambitions have backfired. NAB was  the first in 2014 to make it a priority to exit the troubled  British businesses. This year, No.4 lender Australia & New  Zealand Banking Group  (ANZ)  started restructuring its Asia  business under new CEO Shayne Elliott following years of low  returns.		No.2 player Commonwealth Bank  (CBA)  and No.3 Westpac   (WBC)  have always stayed focused on the domestic market.	Westpac last year split its profitable retail and business  banking division in an organisational reshuffle.	 	"The time was right to refresh the executive leadership team  after two years during which the team had worked to address  major legacy issues and re-focus the bank on the core Australian  and New Zealand business," Thorburn said in a statement.			MORE FOCUS	  The moves come at a time when the broader operating  environment for Australia's "Big Four" banks - NAB, ANZ, Westpac  and CBA - have become more onerous as they prepare for a new era  of slowing growth after years of record profits.		They are also facing the prospect of further capital  raisings, threats to their credit ratings and calls from some  politicians for a sweeping public inquiry following a series of  scandals over improper financial advice, rate rigging and  insurance claims.		Among the changes announced on Friday, the bank will create  three main customer-facing divisions - one for small businesses,  a second for large corporates and international branches and a  third for retail banking and wealth.   	The heads of each of these divisions will report directly to  Thorburn.   	"It looks like they are focusing more on corporate and  mid-market lending, moving away from the institutional piece  where the (regulatory) capital requirement is going to go  higher," said Omkar Joshi, who helps manage A$1 billion at  Watermark Funds Management.		NAB shares have lost nearly 11 percent so far this year as  investors dump bank shares.