2016-09-05T18:17:00+10:00 : Paul Howarth is an uneducated wanna-be who has only got where he is by manipulating, smooth talking and knifing others.


The Australian July 9th 2016:
The corporate watchdog has filed new evidence against the National Australia Bank, accusing its traders of rigging the headline interest rate with conversations revealing traders were concerned the bank was “abusing the market” and customers.
The new evidence was filed yesterday amid growing pressure from ASIC for Australia’s major banks to settle claims they were fixing the bank bill swap rate.
ASIC is expecting the Commonwealth Bank to join ANZ, Westpac and NAB in Federal Court action alleging the banks rigged the BBSW, accusing them of misleading and deceptive conduct and market manipulation. But as The Australianrevealed yesterday, ASIC is increasingly confident the banks will settle if the CBA is also accused of rigging the BBSW rate.
The corporate regulator has cited “at least 50 occasions between 8 June 2010 and 24 December 2012” when NAB allegedly sought to fix the bank bill swap rate.
Its new evidence allegedly shows traders discussing how best to set the rate in taped telephone conversations and instant messaging.
ASIC alleged that in one conversation on December 17, 2010, NAB trader Michael Tsakiris informed colleague David Page that the desk had presold stock ahead of the rate set. This would enable the bank to purchase on that day and then sell the stock on the next trading day.
“What are you planning on doing … selling I assume?” Mr Page wrote.
“no buy ... we have pre sold stock this mng ... so we can buy today ... then sell on Monday,” Mr Tsakiris wrote.
In another instant messaging conversation on the same day Mr Tsakiris asked Mr Page “so do you wmat (sic) me to issue and help your up-set or do you want me to not issue to help your down-set?”
In a separate recorded conversation from February 2011 with another NAB trader, Paul Howarth, Mr Tsakiris talks about getting the “rateset again”.
On March 3, 2011 Michael Hall, on behalf of the NAB, is accused of allegedly arranging with Mr Page to sell bills with a face value of $500 million to NAB’s short-term interest rate trading desk — known as the STIRR desk — on the condition they be sold into the rate set window on March 4, 2011, giving them “plenty of ammo”.
“pagey, you sell 500 mio 4.945 to stir desk. They promise to sell stock tomorrow. Can you liaise with mt. care of deliver dates,” Mr Hall wrote on instant messaging.
“no probs …. They have 500 of their own stock as well, plus whatever they buy today so will have tons of ammo to sell tomorrow,” Mr Page replied.
In another conversation on September 9, Mr Page observes that NAB’s STIRR desk — was “abusing everybody”.
“They’re abusing the balance sheet, they’re abusing the market, they’re abusing customers,” Mr Page said.
In conversation Mr Page allegedly complains about another trader for “f..kin the rate set.”
“He’s f..king failed at the rate set and he’s coming crawling back I wouldn’t call it redeeming himself … He’s f..ked up big time. I’m glad you got some stock out the door, although.
“I think it’s been disgraceful today — honestly disgraceful,” Mr Page concludes.
NAB’s chief risk officer David Gall last night issued a statement saying “doing the right thing by our customers is core to our values at NAB.
“We also don’t condone inappropriate language.
“As we have said, we do not agree with ASIC’s claims, which means they will now be settled by the Federal Court process.”