2016-07-21T19:12:00+10:00 : Did not get a chance to watch the moving numbers today or read HC at all.  Probably just as well looking at some of the lows in my other smaller cap stocks. Thank Mrs Market they bounced back, mostly.

I thought yesterday was the last chance for BOQ, as it was lagging behind the others. Good sprint today. Another 2 or 3 cents and I will be in the green. I think you are safe about cake with this one as it probably has a lot to run, but you never know.

CBA divi is another matter though and I foresee mudcake for you (highest calorie count I can think of). I am in the same demographics as you, and I know how hard it is to shift kilos (about as hard as it is to get one my other stocks to move at all, up or down). Like the banks, I am built for endurance, not speed.

My other smaller cap stuff is plodding along (some well, others not so), which is not the point of it, otherwise I would have put it all on NAB. I think the idea of sticking to something you know really well is wise. If I had stuck with my nothing but my favs in the top 20, I would have been better off, and with less effort. I know a guy who just trades the Big Australian, that's it, nothing else! Bit boring, but can be quite effective as you get to know the market reaction to events, and I think the short term stuff is all market sentiment. Speaking of which, Lithium copped a hiding today; I think my friend will be good in the long term (but then so are banks) but question is how long will it take to get there and can I wait that long?

Did I read to have bought NAB? And not on the dip? What's going on; are you OK? Well, welcome aboard. I still have a large proportion of NAB. Come on $27.25! I am thinking if it gets to the high of earlier this year (29) it would be a good time to jump off with a handy profit. I think 29 may be possible depending on CBA, etc reports and RBA decisions over the next few months (people seem to think and interest rate drop is inevitable). At this stage I am thinking I may not like to be holding coming into the US elections just in case Trump wins. There is a lot more time till then.

And, on a side note, I have found the ignore button .

I note at time of writing, US futures have turned negative and FTSE/DAX are red. I wonder if we are getting a pull back tomorrow.