2016-10-27T16:00:00+11:00 : SYDNEY, Oct 27 (Reuters) - Australia's corporate regulator  said the country's "Big Four" banks will have to repay at least  A$178 million ($136 million) to more than 200,000 customers as a  result of past practices of charging fees for financial advice  without providing it.  	The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC)  said a report on Thursday that A$23 million had already been  repaid by the four banks and wealth manager AMP  (AMP) . The  ASIC estimated another A$154 million in payments would be  required in the future, plus interest which ASIC Deputy Chairman  Peter Kell told reporters could total A$10-15 million.   	The customer compensation ordered by the watchdog comes at a  time when each of the "Big Four" - which account for 80 percent  of lending in Australia - have come under fire for abuse of  market power following scandals involving misleading financial  advice, insurance fraud and interest-rate rigging.		The bulk of the payments will be made by Australia's largest  bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA)  (CBA) , which said  in a statement on Thursday that it had failed to provide annual  reviews with financial advisers to customers. It expects to pay  A$105 million of compensation by mid-2017, an estimate that  matches ASIC's tally.		"We will continue to look across our business for areas  where we may have made mistakes and put things right for  customers," said Annabel Spring, CBA Group Executive, Wealth  Management, in a statement.  	ASIC estimated Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ)   (ANZ)  will have to repay A$49.7 million, a figure matched in  a statement by ANZ.   	National Australia Bank (NAB)  (NAB)  faces a bill of  A$16.9 million, Westpac Banking Corp  (WBC)  is liable to repay  A$1.2 million, and AMP stands to return A$4.6 million to  clients, ASIC estimated. The calculations don't include interest  charges.   	NAB, Westpac and AMP said in separate statements that they  would be compensating affected customers for their mistakes, but  did not disclose the amounts involved.  	ASIC's Kell said most of the industry infractions had  occurred before wide-ranging reforms to the financial planning  industry were introduced in 2013. "We think the introduction of  those reforms helped bring these issues to the surface," Kell  told reporters on Thursday.  	Financial planners are now required to provide an annual fee  advice statement to customers, who must "opt-in" to the advice  relationship every two years. Historical practices under fire  included considering service obligations satisfied if a  financial advisor had attempted to offer an annual review by  making three unanswered phone calls.  	Diane Tate, executive director of retail policy at the  Australian Bankers' Association, said the industry had been  working with the regulator to improve record-keeping practices  and compliance systems.  	"Banks are implementing changes to their businesses to  improve their systems and address community concerns around  conduct and culture," she said.   ($1 = 1.3094 Australian dollars)