2016-02-09T18:56:00+11:00 : I guess the government is happy reduce the risk of not putting its hand in its pocket if it ever came to it with the banks and at the same time pay for a higher welfare bill due to the wealth destruction, ie loss of capital value and dividends in millions of superannuation accounts and self funded retires.

Here is a previous post (under ANZ).

As I understand it the rational for APRA to bring in the new capital adequacy rules is to make the banks safer and get the tax payer off the hook in case the bank gets into trouble.
Lets use ANZ as an example and assume it cuts its dividend by 20 cents a share as a result of dilution to its earnings per share. ANZ has approximately 2.9 billion shares on issue so multiplying it by 20 cents a share results in a cut of dividends of approximately  $583 million. Currently ANZ pays a fully franked dividend so grossing up is $583 million x 10/7 = approximately 832 million dollars.
This will result of a loss of income to the community of $832 million in one year.
Assuming ANZ avoids problems for 4 years but keeps the dividend cut by 20 cents will mean over the 4 years $832 million  x 4 years = $3.328 billion As I understand it the rational for APRA to bring in the new capital adequacy rules is to make the banks safer and get the tax payer off the hook in case the bank gets into trouble.
Lets use ANZ as an example and assume it cuts its dividend by 20 cents a share as a result of dilution to its earnings per share. ANZ has approximately 2.9 billion shares on issue so multiplying it by 20 cents a share results in a cut of dividends of approximately  $583 million. Currently ANZ pays a fully franked dividend so grossing up is $583 million x 10/7 = approximately 832 million dollars.
This will result of a loss of income to the community of $832 million in one year.
Assuming ANZ avoids problems for 4 years but keeps the dividend cut by 20 cents will mean over the 4 years $832 million  x 4 years = $3.328 billion dollars is loss in income to the community over this time.
From memory ANZ raised about 3 billion dollars in its previous capital raising so this amount has already being lost to the community.

Now assume that $10 per share is knocked off the value of the share price as a result of the dilution of earnings per share and the dividend cut. The reader may work out the lost of wealth to the community knowing that ANZ has 2.9 billion shares on issue as a result of raising about 3 billion dollars to make the bank safer.

Of course to offset the dilution to earnings per share the bank has responded by raising interest rates which hurts borrowers and the economy. It also hurts the competiveness of the bank and how a borrower benefits by having the borrowers loan made more expensive is debatable.  To the extent that the banks can raise interest rates vs dilution in earnings per share and loss of capital value will only be determined over time.

The above can be repeated over the other 3 major banks.

How much of this money is paid to the millions of superannuation accounts and self funded retires I don't know. However this loss is permanent and may push people onto welfare earlier than they would normally have done so potentially costing the government billions of dollars. In other words to get the tax payer off the hook in the case the banks go bad has resulting in an immediate affect of raising the welfare bill.
During problem times if capital adequacy is mentioned to the average person in the street the reply will be huh. In other words it will not stop a run on the banks.

To quote Alan Kohler the only effective strategy of stopping a run on the bank is for the prime minister to stand out the front of a bank with a megaphone saying that the government will guarantee the deposits. This is exactly what happened in the GFC and on top of this the government charged a fee for this and made money.

One can also argue well sell the banks and buy something else or go overseas. There is no other asset class in the country that can fund peoples retirement on the scale that the banks can. Either buying something else will result in pushing its share price into the stratosphere or going overseas results in currency risks etc.

Happy retirement everybody.