2016-11-26T08:56:00+11:00 : Banks involved in the  blockchain consortium R3 CEV have expressed interest in  investing $59 million in the company's first funding round, less  than half its overall target, a person close to the deal said on  Friday.  	R3, a New York-based startup, is seeking to raise $150  million from its members and strategic investors to fund its  activities focused on developing blockchain-based technology for  the financial services sector.  	It had originally sought to raise $200 million, offering  prospective investors a 90 percent stake in a new entity it  would have run but restructured the deal to $150 million in  return for a 60 percent stake in itself.		It has invited its original 42 bank members to invest first  and will subsequently reach out to the other roughly 30 banks it  works with as well as external companies, the person said. It  plans to raise the overall amount over the next nine to 12  months.  	Of those original members, 36 have expressed indications of  interest through stakes ranging from $3.5 million to $1 million  each, the person said, declining to be named because the  fundraising is private.  	Goldman Sachs Group Inc  GS.N , Morgan Stanley  MS.N , Banco  Santander SA  SAN.MC  and National Bank of Australia  (NAB)	have opted out of the fund-raising and are planning to leave the  consortium, Reuters reported on Monday.  	JP Morgan Chase & Co  JPM.N  has not yet made a commitment  to invest but does not plan on leaving the consortium, according  to a person close the bank.  	Australia's Macquarie bank  (MQG)  has also not expressed  interest in investing but is looking to remain a member of the  group's blockchain lab, a division that leads testing of new  applications, according to a person familiar with the deal.  Macquarie declined to comment.  	Launched in September 2015, R3 has rapidly gained the  backing of some of the world's largest banks including UBS Group   UBSG.S , Deutsche Bank AG  DBKGn.DE  and HSBC  HSBA.L . Its  blockchain consortium and development lab count a total of 70  members, who have so far paid membership fees to participate.  	The startup is part of a growing cohort of young companies  looking to help large financial institutions adapt blockchain  technology to carry out financial processes, such as making  international payments or settling trades in securities.  	Blockchain, which first emerged as the system underpinning  the cryptocurrency bitcoin, is a distributed ledger of  transactions maintained by a network of computers on the  internet without the need of a central counterparty.  	Banks are hoping that it can be deployed in finance to  simplify some of their processes and slash back office costs.  Keyword BLOCKCHAIN R3/