2016-08-16T18:16:00+10:00 : Banks in Australia and New  Zealand are in a race to push deposits rates higher even as  official cash rates drop, becoming an outlier in the global  banking world as they scramble to entice more savers.  	Across the world, where interest rates are near zero percent  or negative, yield-hungry investors have pulled money out of  bank deposits and moved it into bonds, equities and property.  	But banks need deposits to fund growth, and Australian  regulators are pushing for lenders to hold more long-term  deposits which are considered less risky. New rules are due  later this year.  	While central banks in both Australia and New Zealand have  cut rates twice this year by a total of 50 basis points (bps)  each, lending rates have not dropped as much and deposit rates  have risen by up to 85 bps.	 	Even as the two central banks juggle rising currencies,  economic slowdowns and frothy housing markets while trying to  ease policy, the upcoming regulations and higher cost of funding  mean the banking sector is putting a spanner in the works.  	Obviously, RBNZ governor Graeme Wheeler would "like to see  most of the rate cut passed on," he said at a news conference  last week when banks cut lending rates by 5-10 bps.  	Meanwhile, the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry  urged banks to "pass on as much of the rate cut as they can  afford to small business... because that will stimulate  investment and that leads to the creation of more jobs."  	The four major banks charge around 4 percent on mortgages  while the official cash rate is at a record low 1.5 percent.  They are paying between 2.4-3 percent on 1-year deposits but  analysts expect that to rise further.  	"A breakout in deposit competition is likely," UBS analyst  Jonathan Mott said, while Morgan Stanley analyst Richard Wiles  predicts a "war on deposits". Banks call the fight for more  deposits a sign of the times.  	"I am playing the game of earning 3 percent on my deposits.  I am just moving them around to where I get the best rates,"  said 65-year-old Michael Costa, a Sydney resident.  	"I am waiting for equity markets to re-adjust a bit going  into next year, so I will move money into shares when the time  is right."   	But he said more Australians would prefer lower mortgage  rates.  	"How many Australians will have enough money to put into  deposits? Most have mortgages and that's what everyone focuses  on."	  	LENDING MARGINS UNDER PRESSURE	  The requirement to raise more term deposits is particularly  challenging for the two countries, which have a combined  population of under 30 million.  	The move will also further pressure lending margins to  record lows, several analysts said.  	"In our view, margin pressure is becoming more broad-based,"  Wiles said, forecasting a 4 bps fall in Commonwealth Bank's   (CBA)  retail margins in the current year ending June 2017.   	Australia's banking regulator is expected to announce new  funding standards for banks which would come into effect from  2018. The new Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) assumes that  pricier longer-term funding is more stable than cheaper  short-term offshore funding with tenor of less than a year.  	Meeting that is not going to be easy.	  Australia's "Big Four" banks have boosted domestic deposits  to about 60 percent of total funding from 40 percent in 2007.  But that is still low compared with 80-90 percent for three of  Singapore's biggest banks, according to Moody's.  	That ratio is around 70 percent for Hong Kong banks and 77  percent for China, according to data from consultancy EY.