2016-02-03T09:44:00+11:00 : Small Shareholders who wish to participate in the Sale
Facility can do so by either lodging a Sale Election online
through the Demerger Website (follow the instructions and
prompts) or by completing and returning the enclosed Sale
Facility Form so that it is received by the NAB Share Registry​by 5:00pm on 3 February 2016.
 



➜ If you are a Small Shareholder, decide whether to make a Sale Election
If you are a Small Shareholder, you may elect to have all (but not only some) of the CYBG Securities to which you are entitled
under the Demerger sold by the Sale Agent and the Sale Facility Proceeds:
• remitted to you; or
• if you so elect, donated to the charity ShareGift,
(free of any brokerage costs or stamp duty but excluding any interest and after deducting any applicable withholding tax).
It is anticipated that the Sale Facility Proceeds will be remitted to Small Shareholders who make a Sale Election or to ShareGift
(if applicable) no later than 4 April 2016. Selling Shareholders who have elected to donate all of their Sale Facility Proceeds
to ShareGift may be liable for any capital gains tax arising from the sale of CYBG Securities, the proceeds of which were
donated. However, Selling Shareholders may generally be entitled to a tax deduction for the proceeds donated. See Section
6.2.3.2 for further details for the tax consequences of donating the Sale Facility Proceeds to ShareGift.
To make a Sale Election, you must either lodge a Sale Election online through the Demerger Website (follow the instructions
and prompts) or complete and return the enclosed Sale Facility Form so that it is received by the NAB Share Registry by
5:00pm on 3 February 2016. The Sale Election must be made by 5:00pm on 3 February 2016. If you wish to donate your
Sale Facility Proceeds to ShareGift, please ensure you tick the “Sell and Donate to ShareGift” box.
If you make a Sale Election, you should not make a Share Election or CDI Election. If you make both a Sale Election and a
Share Election or CDI Election, the Sale Election will take precedence and the Share Election or CDI Election will be ignored.
Refer to Section 4.5.2 for further information applicable to Small Shareholders.​