2016-05-21T15:04:00+10:00 : After a few years of good and bad investing I came to realize something that stands true with Aussie blue chips. Whether they be banks or not. At times just like any business they get bad results, attacked by shorters, rally to obscene levels and stagnate to a point where you wonder if anything exciting is ever going to happen at all. Much like any decent company . As far as the banks go in the next few weeks? My opinion is worth no more than anyone else's. Would I be buying at these prices? Probably not. That said listening to opinions of others is just as foolish. I have a very simple strategy to investing in the bank stocks. Buy low. If it seems low, sell high (as long as selling high does not interfere with you making a profit on dividend while also selling at your average price which at that point is lower than the price after ex div) NAB is interesting in and under the $25 range. Closer to $25 than $26 preferably but I wouldn't go throwing all my money in at $25. Recently NAB has touched under $24 ($23.87 I think) so I would put that in as a low target if world economies drag on and negative news repeatedly effects the ASX. The other banks are also attractive at low prices. While I wouldn't go as far as ignoring the negative posters through the bank threads, in most cases the sentiment is purely personal and in some cases as a long term investor they are completely justified as to why you were foolish to still be holding as an investor well over the $30 price range when you could have sold and bought back in at a much lower level while still receiving dividends of equal value.

Thinking in the next few weeks may be thinking far too short into the future. Thinking into the next few months on the other hand. At some point the markets will have a significant negative reaction to world news. It's at these times you have to take yr balls or your boobs into your hands and have a go. Think on this, as much as you would like to be actively working the market everyday of the year, if you only work the market effectively once a day in that year then the rest of the year is yours to do as you please.

Be patient. Sooner or later the market will attack a blue chip Aussie and give you a big fat buy signal. Off the top of my head WOW hit $20.60 or something recently. I bought @ $20.84. A little late but w/e. Topped out @$23.05 I think. TY WOW. AMP the other day was $5.40ish. Not a buy from me regretfully but now $5.54. Missed that badly. Seriously Telstra was recently $4.98 it's now $5.66! You get a bank or blue chip under attack you can pretty much guarantee when the attack is over the recovery is relentless. Along with your profits. NAB is one of the Aussie great companies that doesn't put your money at risk of no return even you buy at the wrong time. That said I wouldn't be throwing all my money into it on the first buy either. 

Find a price that seems nice, take a light position and watch what happens. If it goes against you, you haven't gone all in so be ruthless in your strategy of further purchase prices if you decide to average down. If it goes with you then you are already making profit, and that's why we are here right?

Banks are no different other than if you do buy at the wrong price you can be sure they will be around for years to come (unless we get hit by an asteroid or something) and eventually you can average down using better purchase principles or dividend returns to return your portfolio to a positive position. In those years you may have gained enough trading knowledge to profit on small-medium cap companies to return much more than is worth holding those banks shares the losses they owe you.

Oops. Wall of text.
Buy low sell high make money 

Disclaimer. I normally have a sentiment of Hold, otherwise a Buy or Sell sentiment may be interpreted as advice. And it's only opinion.