2016-11-22T10:40:00+11:00 : (Adds details of how many bank members are interested.)  	Blockchain company R3 CEV has  reduced the amount it aims to raise from bank members in its  first large round of equity funding to $150 million from $200  million and is changing the structure of the deal, according to  a person familiar with the plans.  	R3, a New York-based startup that runs a consortium of more  than 70 financial institutions, now plans to give bank members a  60 percent equity stake in exchange for the funding, the source  said.  	More than 90 percent of its original 42 bank members have  expressed an interest in investing, the source said.  	Initially, it aimed to create a new company providing shared  services for the owners, who would get a 90 percent stake. R3  would have run this utility for 10 years and retained a stake in  it.  	Goldman Sachs Group Inc  GS.N  and Banco Santander SA   SAN.MC , both original participants, are not renewing their  memberships and not investing in the deal, spokespeople said.  	Morgan Stanley  MS.N  and National Australia Bank  (NAB)   are also not participating, said the source, who requested  anonymity to discuss plans that were not public.   	Most other banks have agreed to the new terms of the deal,  but R3 does not expect all existing members to join the round,  said the source.  	R3's fundraising comes as banks and other large institutions  ramp up their investments in blockchain, which is also known as  distributed ledger technology. It first emerged as the  technology underpinning digital currencies such as bitcoin but  is now being adapted for use in more traditional financial  tasks, such as transaction processing.  	Other new companies are also looking to sell  blockchain-based technology to banks. Competition among these  startups has intensified over the past few months as they try to  secure investments and deals with large institutions to provide  the technology.  	R3's funding will be raised in phases over the next nine to  12 months, the source said.  	Through its consortium and technology development lab, R3  comes up with ways for the financial industry to use blockchain  software.  	According to the new terms of the deal, the banks will also  acquire a stake in the development lab, which tests new  blockchain-based applications.  	The group's original 42 members have been given first dibs  at investing in the company, followed by members of the  company's development lab. If the $150 million target is not  reached, the round will be opened to other strategic investors,  such as a technology company, the source said.  	Since it began operating in September 2015, R3 has rapidly  gained the support from the world's largest banks, with members  including UBS Group AG  UBSG.S , JPMorgan Chase & Co  JPM.N  and  Deutsche Bank AG  DBKGn.DE . So far they have paid membership  fees to participate in the company's activities.  	Thomson Reuters Corp  TRI.TO  is also a member of R3.	  In a statement, R3 said it expected members of the  consortium to change over time, as the scale and scope of the  project changed.  	Although Goldman and Santander have abandoned R3, they have  investments in other blockchain startups, including Digital  Asset Holdings LLC, which is led by former JPMorgan executive  Blythe Masters.  Keyword BLOCKCHAIN R3/