2017-06-22T23:21:00+10:00 : Scott Morrison opened this can of worms.  These worms now become the pets the ALP.  History will remember these taxes specially desgned to target the leading businesses in the banking industry as Scott Morrison' worms, because he owns the father of all these evil taxes.

Are we living in a communist country?  Is Scott Morrison a communist in a Liberal skin?  Where has the moral integrity of this country gone?  Are we on a road leading to the death of freedom and liberty?

Let the whole banking industry rise to challenge such a discriminatory and tyrannical suppression by the federal and South Australia governments.

If the federal government has an excuse for its bank levy on the ground that it has been the guarantor of big bank's deposits, what is the ground for the  South Australia for its supertax?  Have it done the big five any special favour so far?  No, they hadn't even done anything to rescue Arrium before it went under.

Even the federal government's excuse is phoney.  Why do they pledge to guarantee bank deposits?  Because they are fully aware of the consequences of not guaranteeing banks' liabilities when a financial crisis is looming.  Is this a special favour made by the federal government to the big banks?  Apparantly is, but actually not.  A capitalism economy relies on the flow of capital and the banks is the heart of the flow.  If the heart fails, the whole body is to follow suit.  That's the common sense.  You can allow Qantas to fail, you can allow Telstra to fail, you can allow BHP to fail, because though neither of the failures are palatable to the general public and any government, nevertheless their immediate ramifications are to a degree more definite and hence less difficult to be contained.  The same is not true for the banking industry, because the failure of any one of the big banks will cause a general panic.  So much so every one of the members of the Australian economy, wealthy or poor, will immediately find himself in a precarous financial situation, because the whole edifice of the economy is to crumble to ruins.

That is the reason that the government has such a pledge.  To save a body, you have to make sure that its heart keeps working.  In a sense, the so called favour did most favour to the government itself.  Can you imagine the government will have a good time when everyone has no idea when his next pay cheque comes in?

How much did the banks benefit from government's guarantee? Very limited, at most.  Didn't they get their borrowing cost somehow reduced during the GFC and the European sovereign debt crisis? 

That's true.  But had they had to borrow at a higher cost without the government's guarantee because they had to keep their business open, wouldn't they have passed their  to their customers, be they individuals or bussinesses.  Wouldn't that have made the business situations much worse than it was as the capital cost rose in an even more challenging time?  Wouldn't Australia have fared much worse then?  Wouldn't the ALP have lost its government sooner so that we would not have been forced to witness that one prime minister backnifed the other only to be backknifed by the same again?

So where is the moral ground on which Scott Morrison design his bank levy.

For the future prosperity of this country which has been proud of being fair, just and moral, let the banking industry have their moral courage to challenge the governments in the couet so that Scott Morrison's worm factory will be shut down once for all.