2017-09-14T16:35:00+10:00 : Australia's corporate regulator  said on Thursday it will investigate whether the country's big  banks are using a regulatory push to curb a potential housing  bubble as an excuse to profiteer through increased mortgage  rates.  	Investigators would focus on whether the banks' for recent  out-of-cycle interest rate rises have been excessive and whether  their public justifications had been "inaccurate and perhaps  false and misleading", Australian Securities and Investment  Commission (ASIC) Deputy Chairman Peter Kell told a  parliamentary committee.  	"It is an issue we are concerned about ... we will have to  look at any particular statement carefully," Kell said.  	Regulators have pushed banks to tighten mortgage lending  standards on worries a debt-fuelled bubble and bust in the  property market could destabilise the financial system and hurt  the broader economy.		But such moves were not designed to increase bank profits  and lenders should not use them to justify over-pricing mortgage  products, said lawmaker David Coleman, a Liberal Party member of  the economics committee.   	Executives at Commonwealth Bank of Australia  (CBA) ,  Westpac Banking Corp  (WBC)  and National Australia Bank   (NAB)  had all issued statements linking the rate rises to the  new rules, he said.  	In particular, he said CBA's rate increases should be  scrutinised after the bank justified a 30-basis points increase  on home loans in June as necessary "to meet our regulatory  requirements".  	Representatives from CBA, Westpac and NAB were not  immediately available to comment.			 	Macquarie analysts estimate CBA's repricing has contributed  about A$500 million to its profits. It posted its eighth  consecutive record cash profit on Aug. 9, days after being  accused of massive breaches of money laundering and terror  financing rules.	 	Australia's four major lenders control 80 percent of  Australia's lending market and have posted record profits for  years.   	But they have been mired in controversy and scandal for  years, including misleading financial advice, insurance fraud  and interest-rate rigging.	 	Out-of-cycle mortgage rate changes that have generated the  biggest public and political outcry, as home-owners struggle to  meet high repayments with modest wages growth.