2017-05-13T09:14:00+10:00 : I'm not sure what in my post was unclear enough to have you so nonplussed so as to have to begin your reply with a directionless query. What is even less clear is how the pertinent points which I made apparently sailed right over your head. If you didn't understand the philosophy behind what I previously said then go back and read my post again, there is no point in repeating the same things here again.


I am not proposing apathy, exactly the opposite. I said, "get involved in changing the system," which suggests innovative thinking, boldness and action, all of which are quite contrary to apathy. Apathy can surely be equated to mindlessly trotting along to place your little "X" beside the name of the next ineffectual, duplicitous and self-serving slime-ball who will continue to sell out your future as he continues to trade off your history, culture and identity whilst happily stealing from you. Surely you are able to see that this has in fact been done to your country and people for decades by these same politicians whom you are now cheerfully voting in. The fact that as a nation you have been legally co-opted into voting tells you just how defunct and broken the system is. The lack of leadership and values repeatedly demonstrated by the politicians and their lack of representation to the electorate has led to such significant levels of disinterest in the system that you are now legally forced to vote. Doesn't that tell you something rather important?


Your, "do something about it - at least try," says it all. It clearly states the futility of your position, your lack of influence in the system and your ineffectualness as a voter. None of which is your fault as this is inherent in the design of the system. What is your fault however is your lack of understanding in thinking that voting is a worthwhile proposition that "gives you a say." You have no say, you have no voice, your opinion doesn't matter and you will make no difference. If you want to change that then I say again, get involved in changing the system instead of dully drifting through progressive electoral cycles erroneously thinking that by voting you can somehow make it work for you or that you have a say in matters. It takes a little lateral thinking to consider potential methods for doing so but it really is worthwhile doing so, if only for the benefit of your own understanding.