2017-05-30T15:30:00+10:00 : SYDNEY, May 30 (Reuters) - The Australian government has  delayed the date of the first payment of its A$6.2 billion  ($4.60 billion) bank tax by three months and excluded some  liabilities from the levy, according to proposed legislation  released on Tuesday.  	The legislation did not include any sunset clause, which had  been sought by the banks given the government had justified the  tax as being necessary to help bring the federal budget back  into a surplus by the financial year ending June 30, 2021.  	The six basis points levy on bank liabilities is designed to  raise about A$1.5 billion a year from the five biggest banks -  Commonwealth Bank of Australia  (CBA) , Westpac Banking Corp   (WBC) , Australia and New Zealand Banking Group  (ANZ) ,  National Australia Bank  (NAB)  and Macquarie Group  (MQG)  -  over the next four years.		"This represents a fair contribution by the banking sector  to the Australian community and contributes to a long-term  balanced budget," Treasurer Scott Morrison said in a speech to  parliament on Tuesday.  	The first payment covering the half-year ending Dec. 31 will  now be due in March to give the banks a transitional period. The  banks have said the cost of the tax will be borne by their  customers and their shareholders.		Australian Bankers' Association Chief Executive Anna Bligh  said the banks welcomed concessions that excluded derivatives  and money held with the Reserve Bank of Australia, but they  still felt the tax was "poorly-designed".  	"There needs to be further consideration of a sunset clause  to limit this tax on the banks to the time where the budget  repair job needs to be done," she told reporters.   	The S&P/ASX 200 Financials index  .AXFJ , which includes the  major banks and represents 31 percent of the benchmark index,  has fallen by 4.8 percent since the tax was announced on May 9.  The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index  (xjo)  has declined by 2  percent over the same period.   	Shares in all five of the banks affected by the tax were  trading higher on Tuesday.  ($1 = 1.3472 Australian dollars)