2017-02-06T09:55:00+11:00 : Surprise fall in cash earnings. Would have expected a wee bit better, perhaps a contrarian buying opportunity

MELBOURNE, Australia--National Australia Bank Ltd. NAB benefited from a fall in its charge for soured loans and a stable margin in the first quarter of its financial year, helping lift net profit.
Still, the bank was squeezed by a rise in expenses for the period, largely related to salary increases and job cuts.
NAB, one of Australia's "Big Four" lenders, said its first-quarter net profit was about 1.6 billion Australian dollars (US$1.2 billion) in the three months through December. It didn't provide a year-earlier comparison, but the unaudited figure is higher than the A$1.5 billion reported for the same quarter a year earlier.



However, cash earnings--a measure followed by analysts that excludes some one-time costs and gains--was down about 1% at A$1.6 billion, the bank said.
"While the Australian and New Zealand economies remain resilient and continue to deliver solid growth, the operating environment has some challenges with funding costs remaining elevated and competition still intense," Chief Executive Andrew Thorburn said.
Since taking over as CEO in August 2014, Mr. Thorburn has refocused the bank on its core franchises in Australia and New Zealand in a bid to close a return-on-equity gap with its local peers.
About a year ago, NAB spun off and listed CYBG PLC (CYBG.LN), a company housing Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank in the U.K. that came after it agreed a deal last year to sell an 80% interest in its life-insurance business to Nippon Life Insurance Co. and sold its remaining stake in regional U.S. lender Great Western Bancorp Inc., which it floated on the New York Stock Exchange the year before.
Mr. Thorburn said the bank had made a solid start to 2017, balancing higher levels of investment with cost management, although the lender was hit with the usual Oct. 1 salary rises and elevated costs for job losses.
That meant that for the latest quarter, growth in expenses outpaced revenue. The bank said revenue on a cash-earnings basis increased about 1% thanks to increased lending and trading income but expenses rose by about 5% on the quarterly average of the six months through September.
NAB's net interest margin--a profit measure based on the difference between the rate at which a bank borrows and lends--was broadly stable for the quarter.
The charge for bad and doubtful debts for the quarter declined by 23% to A$164 million, helped by no repeat of a collective provisioning a year earlier for exposure to mining and agriculture sectors. NAB said the ratio of loans 90 days or more past due and gross impaired assets to gross loans and acceptances widened to 0.90% at Dec. 31 from 0.85% at the end of September.
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/nab-profit-rises-but-cash-earnings-fall-2017-02-05