2017-01-09T17:04:00+11:00 : The more research u do into NAB see below and the more uncomfortable you become about lacklustre poor operation procedures and the reputational risk behind the acronym NAB as indicated by the Australian Financial Review today.

Did you know that "Mr Weissenberg and his company own the domain name www.nab.com and www.nab.net. The domain www.nab.com is currently hosting a dating website.

The Financial Review understands the bank has been in discussions with Mr Weissenberg on and off over the years about the domain name which he acquired in 1994. The lease for the domain is not due to be renewed until 2023.
NAB has sent the personal details of 65,000 clients to a domain name squatter and adult website owner in a bungle that could compromise the security of its customers and threaten its reputation.
The Australian Financial Review understands that an error during a routine electronic direct mail-out to its migrant banking customers, which was first revealed by the bank in December, saw the information emailed to an address associated with David Weissenberg of Real Assets Limited.
Mr Weissenberg and his company own hundreds of domain names associated with the adult industry.
Among the information leaked in the mail-out were client names, BSB numbers, account numbers and NAB identification numbers. Passwords were not included in the mail-out.

Mr Weissenberg's company is registered in the British Virgin Islands. The AFR attempted to reach Mr Weissenberg for comment but was unsuccessful.
NAB's executive general manager for international branches Peter Coad said that the bank was working with Mr Weissenberg to ensure the security of customers affected by the breach.
He said Mr Weissenberg had been very helpful and that discussions with him had been productive.
"We understand that the email address to which the correspondence was incorrectly sent is not actively used and our customers' emails have not been wrongfully used," Mr Coad said.
"Although this has been a complex process involving multiple international jurisdictions, all parties – including the email account owner – are taking this extremely seriously and NAB is working hard to resolve this matter."

An error saw personal details of NAB's migrant banking customers seriously compromised. Photo: Bloomberg