2017-11-02T11:25:00+11:00 : NAB increases cash profit by 2.5 pct to A$6.64 bln  Bank flags 6,000 job cuts  High restructure costs prompt share price fall  NAB improves margins after lifting interest rates   (Adds broker and analyst quotes, share price reaction)  	National Australia Bank  (NAB)   (NAB) flagged thousands of job cuts as it posted a record annual  cash profit of A$6.64 billion ($5.1 billion) on Thursday,  underpinned by surging home loan volumes and higher business  lending margins.  	The 2.5 percent rise in profit comes amid a broader sector  push to improve margins, cut costs and hoard cash as Australian  banks react to regulator-imposed changes to lift capital  requirements.  	Australia's largest business lender said it expected to cut  about 6,000 staff over the next three years as it automates its  business, while creating 2,000 new positions over the same  period. A net loss of 4000 jobs represents about 12 percent of  its current workforce.  	It flagged restructuring charges of A$500 million to A$800  million in the first half of fiscal 2018, and a spike in  expenses of between 5 percent and 8 percent over the year.  	UBS described the result as "solid" while noting that the  restructure costs were higher than expected and would weigh on  market sentiment.  	NAB shares were down 3 percent in early trading on Thursday  in a flat market.  	The bank released an upbeat outlook, underpinned by an  anticipated upswing in business investment and government  infrastructure spending.  	"Some slowing in the housing cycle and a moderation in  housing credit is expected, but downside is likely to be limited  by strong population growth and low unemployment," NAB said.   	While net interest margin, a key gauge of profitability,  fell 3 basis points from last year, it was 6 basis points higher  in the second half of the 2017 results, as the lender benefited  from a repricing of its mortgage book.  	Interest rate levels have become a hot-button political and  customer issue in Australia this year, with the corporate  regulator pledging to investigate whether banks are using a push  to curb a potential housing bubble as an excuse to profiteer  through unnecessary mortgage rate rises.		In May, Canberra said it would charge a 6 basis-point levy  on the mortgage books of the country's major lenders to raise  government revenue and help smaller lenders compete.	   	"The banks are getting a bit of a regulatory dividend,"  Atlas Funds Management Chief Investment Officer Hugh Dive told  Reuters, referring to the levy.  	"So this sort of bank levy that pounded the stocks when it  was announced, it's recovered and then some."  	NAB is the second major Australian retail bank to report  full-year results in the past week, with Australia and New  Zealand Banking Group booking an 18 percent jump in annual cash  profit on lower bad debts and cost cuts.	  	NAB declared a final dividend of A$0.99 per share, the same  as last year. The bank said its statutory net profit rose to  A$5.29 billion from A$352 million from the previous year when it  took a one-off charge related to the sale of its British  business.			  	($1 = 1.3033 Australian dollars)