2018-02-27T21:43:00+11:00 : Hey Mikey,

Wow that’s crazy, almost identical haha .

Yeah my gut said to take profits in NAB today for some reason even though I honestly think there’s still some green left in it but I had to bank the profit after watching it go all the way down to $28 and then back up.

Big fan of WPL although it slipped today - I honestly thought it would have another good day today like yesterday and then I would of thought about locking in profits as well. I got in on open last Tue at $28.42 so still happy with that purchase and still think it’s a great buy. Originally I had I had CBA at $74.20 but sold out of that for a slight profit to get in to WPL so at this stage I’m behind on that strategy as CBA has rallied but I know WPL will be back above $29 soon as well. Still think it’s a cracking buy.

DMP is an interesting one - I’m a bit down having entered at $43 which I thought historically was a great price as I’ve seen it twice drop to those levels and then quickly bounce back to rally towards $50 again. However then the whole Meij selling saga came out afterwards and it’s been hit pretty hard since then. My gut tells me it’ll be fine and will be back up in time but it won’t be as quick as previous. The challenges on the horizon are their buyback pretty much will end now and their PE isn’t cheap at the moment at 26. However longer term if they can execute their growth strategy they’ll roar again but that’s a big if. Got to be honest and say short term my gut is telling me it’ll head lower but medium term she’ll recover - so maybe keep a close eye on it and if you can see a momentum swing upwards with volume then jump on straight away as when she moves she does so bloody quick as it’s so illiquid.

The other 2 stocks I’m keeping a close eye on for a shortish trade is QBE & NCM - both have been sold down lately but again they tend to always bounce back in time. QBE results were disgusting but they still held strong so I think all the negatives have been priced in - if the new guys can make his mark it could rocket up in my opinion or find itself a takeover target potentially.

Good chatting!