2018-06-08T10:32:00+10:00 : I'll have to respectfully disagree at least in part with most of these points:

#1 Many multinationals have been operating in Australia for decades and that hasn't prevented the big four from flourishing most of the time. Overseas banks certainly have zero interest in building out a physical retail branch network. Over the longer term, IMHO, the biggest threats to banks continuing to deliver for their shareholders are excess regulation and the rise of virtual banking/disintermediation. If you want an example of really bad bank regulation look at the effect of Dodd Frank - it's driving small/regional banks out of business in America + making it much harder and more expensive to get small and medium business loans. As to the size of penalties for wrong doing, they are way out of control - it is next to impossible for a non-resident to open a bank account where I live (Hong Kong) because of that issue. Penalties for wrong doing need to be appropriate - enough to deter repeat offending but not so high as to deter legitimate business activity. On virtual banking, this is happening already and is  being driven by AliPay etc China and explains in part why traditional banks are offering higher credit card rewards in an attempt to maintain business volumes.

#2 Only a handful of bankers act illegally and probably a slightly larger number make incorrect risk assessments (for which people with limited to no knowledge of banking business slam as reckless after the event). Amidst all the finger pointing and political grandstanding, we need to remember that well run (i.e. profitable) banking industry is essential for the economy to do well - see Bernstein, Fergusson etc. We also shouldn't lose sight of the fact that bankers are paragons of virtue compared to the average politician.

#3 Historically, higher interest rates result in increased NIM which equates to higher profits for the banks BUT as interest rates rise there will be short term mark-to-market losses on debt securities held on balance sheet + rising default risks which will offset those gains to a greater or lesser extent. Also, as interest rates rise, cost of capital rises too which should, in theory, mean investors need a higher yield/lower price to justify investing in the shares. Separately, we should not lose sight of the fact that one of the reasons banks share prices have suffered over the last few years is rising capital requirements. Capital requirements will not keep rising much further (China is expected by some to lower capital requirements later this year) + they make banks relatively safer.

Anyway, as the share price continues to drift down, your "sell" sentiment is certainly proving to be more accurate than my "buy" sentiment. Happy investing.