2019-10-02T18:07:00+10:00 : Once interest rates get this low, banks would find it very difficult to cut rates so 15 basis points is not too bad - and that decision had nothing to do with the SP diving over the last few days. All about the US economic sentiment and manufacturing data and the ever present TRUMP machinations and threats of impeachment. Markets hate uncertainty. Maybe being a bit unfair there JC The additional  remediation and software cost have not helped and it will be interesting to see if that affects the next dividend amount.

Originally posted by JCoure:
            ↑


re NAB, I think it will have more to do with the mere 15 points drop in rates for their customers. NAB does not want to lend, its lending figures keep going down, its employee numbers keep going down, its governance, risk and compliance down.NAB seems to have learnt nothing from the Royal Commission. It was not only the regulators who lost but NAB shareholders not to mention NAB customers. conflicts, fees, no services, good customers that are dead people, inappropriate lending and advice scandals.What services does NAB provide? It seems that NAB and CBA with their paltry rate drops do not get that if the Aussie economy goes into the fourth recession in 28 years and the immigrants just keep on getting worse and having an unemployment rate greater than the 31% unemployment rate for immigrants, that the NAB and CBA dividend cut will be the least of their worries.I also think MLC might be worth at best estimates nothing probably a negative amount so why NAB would have not provisioned any impairment charge for that is another failing of Australian financial governance.Only Shorters will win for the next little while, it might Trade like Wells Fargo or something did back in the Great Recession IMHO.It has one benefit, it is not CBA but then with Ross McEwen given what he did to RBS, NAB might take on a lot of CBA’s problems. Perhaps the regulators should give Ross a course in governance, risk and compliance. Perhaps not?

Expand