2019-12-14T18:54:00+11:00 : Yes, IMHO a clear, consistent and comprehensive case for NAB (and ANZ and WBC) to have their SPs surge and their power re-emerge. For NAB's SP, it should go to $28 AUD IMHO but pls DYODD.From what I read of the WBC AGM and the labor union industry "super fund" voting for a bank busted in an AML scandal, I think NAB surges from here as I think the idea that the LNP Federal Government and the industry superfund and labor union funded ALP opposition are going to crack down on the banks has historically been proven wrong. The unions (and their industry funds) and the LNP Government have too much skin in the banking game in terms of the economy and in Labor Union world, their fees and union funding for the banks' SP to be hit more. Some of the scandal may be dealt with or put under the covers.As for "Moses" Obeid and bank branches, as you mentioned, he is waiting for his father to get out of Gaol today Australian time, isn't it? Did not think that all that relevant to bank branches unless they are moving from Sydney Circular Quay Roads and Maritime Services fish shop leases to bank branches but that will not be for the banks but for the law authorities to sort out if it happens. Now Eddie Obeid is out of Gaol and Ian Mac Donald as well, I don't think they will cause any issues for the banks as they are convicted criminals, their NSW ALP connections might have the good sense to stay away from them unless they want to revisit NSW ICAC.As seen from how the Westpac debacle has played out, there may not be as many scandals as the market has priced into the existing SPs of NAB (and ANZ and WBC for that matter),. $25.15 AUD for NAB implies more scandals to come IMHO. If AusSuper and CBus along with the other industry funds to vote against the Board Spill, Nerida Caesar and Peter Marriott after the Westpac scandal, really, what can really go wrong?NAB should go up to $28, WBC $35, ANZ $30, roughly where they were before the Banking Select Committee started, the "Royal Commission" then resulted, now most bank detractors are gone either losing their seats such as Julia Banks or taking indefinite leave. Careers of people in Australia do not go very far taking on the banks in Australia. Australia is different to New York and from the week's events, it looks like staying that way down under.The banks including NAB will go upwards from here. Bipartisan support, from Morrison to Albanese to even whomever is running New Zealand in "Government" given the capital announcement.