2019-09-03T05:02:00+10:00 : Wow! Sorry mate but if I feared stepping out the front dore because an asteroid might hit me then this makes sense. I would suggest that the estimate is taking into account every apartment built in the last 10 years and not that big a percentage will be in danger. Also, the financing will be spread across a number of bank and non bank lenders.When it comes to the big 4 banks, their demise has been predicted many times over the last 50 years.Maybe you can give me a timeline for when the catastrophe will occur - next year? 10 years from now? When?Again I ask, when I sell the bank shares, where should I invest the cash? According to you, not in apartments because they are all falling down and not in a cash deposit because the banks are collapsing. Please give me a hint.

Originally posted by Gillysrooms:
            ↑


When I say doomed i.mean they don't have a very good future as to continued growth of profits. Now banks are very fortunate like insurance companies which can manipulate provisions and use up reserves for an unknown number of years to give the impression of stable profits and dont forget they have been required to raise capital on a number of times. There is also a big Unknown and luckily not many people will read this but which banks have lent money and how much has been lend on the 650,000 apartments built over last 20 years and what percentage of loans on apartments which are now turning to have serious faults are being carried by the banks? I been trying to find out for over a year now and I still not found out, no one prepared to devulge what maybe the RBA & APRA are aware of. How many of the 650,000 owners will declare bankruptcy as their stress levels rise as they realise they are trapped owning worthless apartments they can't live in and must still pay for and stump up more money for repairs? It might not be as bad as 650,000 as suggested in the recent Four Corners Program on 19/8/19 however again it's an unknown number and some bank or other lenders connected to banks which could be at risk don't you think? Let's discount the number to 10% or less and how would mortgage insurers cope ? I recommend sll bank shareholders should do their own due diligence and ask their banks to clarify their respective provisions and loans outstanding on all the units the States have already identified as having inflammable cladding and ask them how much those securities are now worth ? Have they sold any affected securities and are the originating banks liable to guarantee those securities? I can ask 10 other questions or more but I'll let the few readers who read this post to ponder the impossible. 

Expand