2019-12-14T10:14:00+11:00 : Unfortunately, I believe what you posted is correct - may not be the case if there is a turnaround in the interest rates being so low - but that could be 4 or 5 years away.Staff culling and branch closures are already happening - I know of an ANZ and a NAB branch that has closed this year  in the vicinity of where I work. Both of those branches opened when Moses was in nappies.@JCoure posted a while back that smaller lenders may impact on the banks. The banks have pretty much held those lenders off BUT the WBC money laundering case and the mud that is now sticking to all big 4 banks will start opening up the market - and I think that may already have started.The big 4 banks will survive of course but maybe we will see dividends settle a bit lower for the next decade. Banks will adapt and being so big will allow them to recover a dominant position. For that reason, they are still a good investment - particularly long term. I think an SP for NAB around the $25-26 may be a very fair one when potential returns are factored in - Dividends may well be in the 70-80 cents twice a year. That is still attractive - and still a stable return too. Banks are very resilient.There are a lot of extreme predictions around about their demise but, as Twain said, they are greatly exaggerated.I have to be upfront in that my holdings are quite minimal at the moment - I'll be looking to see what happens in the WBC case early next year but investing in NAB will continue and my holdings are planned to increase again.

Originally posted by marri:
            ↑


The persistent very low interest environment puts a major squeeze on Bank margins....that is a fact. So the Banks have to find other ways to turn a dollar: lowering their fixed costs is the obvious place to start. Expect a lot more branch closures and middle management job losses. The Banks are also facing a major challenge from smaller nimble players. Some new Banks....MONZO for example do not even have a physical central office which is open to their customers. Walk around London and every second person under 30 seems to be using a bright orange MONZO card. It is difficult to see much growth in Banks, though they should continue to pay (much more modest) dividends. (my position in NAB is speculative only)

Expand