2019-12-19T13:05:00+11:00 : Why are Bank shareholders & Austrac blaming the banks for the sins of the criminals who are not criminals until they are CONVICTED criminals. I blame the many stupid shareholders who can't see they being manipulated into believing the banks are the crims by the Fake news Media who have ASSUMED Austrac must be correct in their allegations of bank being the criminals. I have worked in a bank being ANZ Bank many years ago and then been in insurance investment departments and a Trustee Company and I can speak with some authority about this whole bullshit Royal Commission into Banks and Austrac ALLEGATIONS. Sure there are crooked bankers and I met one smarty pants from now ex NAB who got away with lying to shareholders of a now broke ASX company then went on to advise ANZ Bank but not all ex bank staff are crooked. Most are honest and trustworthy and the banks do have almost perfect audit teams but how does any bank staff member or system know in advance that a depositor or business is involved in illegal activities ? The banks are not privy to police knowledge or have direct connections to their data bases and remember each state has a different police force, having different computer systems. Then AFP, ASIO & somehow even Austrac have all this vital information in advance so the bank staff can be pre warned that a crime is about to be committed? Ok then let every branch be connected to every police data base or let banks employ special police to train and assist bank staff to detect offenders but even then they are allegations for the courts to decide if they are to be convicted.So how is it that banks and their staff are guilty before any conviction? I blame the treasurer and other Politicians for their ignorance to gain political benefit are stuffing up.our economy because bank staff are too fearful of APRA now to lend to anyone even bank staff to buy cars,a podiatrist and a teacher all in good incomes could not get loans recently. How bad is that? i blame the lazy bank management and CEOs for being cowards in not wanting to defend their staff against these rediculous allegations from Austrac & the fake news media and Austrac for letting it happen by not informing the public that these are mere allegations.i know why the bank CEO wants to pay the fine and it's a logical reason but they are still cowards for not defending their staff. They don't want to have to ask every bank manager to gather evidence for the next 20-30 years of court cases and the CEO involved in court cases for the rest of his natural life going to court costing $billions more in legal fees, stress on staff and the bank managers unable to carry on without court stress and too exhausted to carry out normal banking duties. Your bank would need to shut shop until after the court cases were over in the year 2050?Blame the criminals , NOT the banks, but by blaming the banks the politicians, and APRA, ASIC,ACCC, Austrac are all undermining the banks long term security and our economy which pays all the taxes to pay for all the perks the politicians and staff at APRA, ASIC, ACCC, RBA & Austrac so we'll enjoy. Yes these public servants are undermining our economy and they together and maybe not in a conspiratorial way but unwittingly togther involved in undermining our financial security and letting foreign banks take over the banking business more rightly belonging to our local banks.You as shareholders should be shouting from the rooftops and use my statements to defend your assets against the the conspiracy of stupidity you read in the fake news media. You should complain to whoever you can complain against the media against Aussie business and you who work for companies who spend money in that very media  should all withdraw advertising $$$ from all those companies who let their journalists attempt to destroy your investment best eggs instead of accept all their BS as if it must be all true. It is not, they peddle bull to increase ratings because if it were true they would be facing same as Julian Assange in jail long time for knowing more than the banks and Austrac in advance and by association conspirators themselves. Journalists are just storytellers and BS artists who want protect ion from police visits? Why are they so special? Do they work for ASIO?