2019-09-03T17:27:00+10:00 : Nice considered post

Originally posted by pe981:
            ↑


Hmmm, not sure I understand what this thread is even about?!!The doom and gloom predictions of the OP are nothing new but the reasons are bizarre.We all know banks are going through difficult regulatory changes and need to adapt to changing circumstances, however they have proven over the years to have strong underlying businesses and ability to strengthen balance sheets as needed. SP performance for NAB has been dour since the GFC, for a variety of reasons however they have maintained strong profitability and dividend return.The "facts" provided and simplistic analysis is something straight out of tabloid journalism.To suggest Banks have lost the ability to lend to 7.6m customers because they are customers of the BNPL new wave is ludicrous. Changing / evolving banking and payment methods are often adopted eagerly by many however and is not an "either / or" scenario.I also don't understand what the concern with NAB's exposure to afterpay is? Perhaps the poster can provide some figures and explain why it is a material concern. (I had a quick look, didn't look like "material" exposureThis whole down ramp appears based on meaningless raw numbers - X many customer, X many units built etc etc without any commentary on the actual risk to NAB's profitability or balance sheetI have no idea what the referral to Custom Credit is (have read these comments before incl about Afterpay) Surely it is not referring to the old Custom Credit NAB owned years ago. The days of the banks needing separate finance companies to handle their leasing and "riskier" cowboy lends are long gone. Pricing for risk and keeping under one umbrella for control purposes makes far more sense. Separate entities for different lending products or regions are more about marketing these days.I don't see the Banks as great growth stocks, however remain strong businesses subject to inevitable swings. They do need strong management and the ability to meet market demands (with technology making it easier for competitors). NAB positioned itself a number of years as the premium business bank and I think this has merit, although obviously they have more exposure during business downturns. The RC highlighted a few things such as the issues with financial advice and also poor practises involving introducers / brokers which should have been no surprise to anyone!

Expand