2019-09-06T03:05:00+10:00 : Im digging for answers for some questions I really can't ask in this forum and only by asking questions might I get more answers. You or another may have said NAB are providing an undrawn facility for AfterPay and now that is interesting too because that would indicate any number of things if I knew the finer agreement & NAB obligations as an underwriter or could they pull out if still undrawn if things turned sour? That would have ramifications for APT surely.I do like banks but I believe APRA have destroyed the big banks and the smaller banks more which were so eager a few years ago to become banks and NAB would be better off as a finance company.  If they had better skills they could have become like Macquarie if they were not so shifty in their approach and Banking RC was really a waste of time as far as NAB was concerned and Ken Henry pretty much agreed I think.Banks were very important the way they were,  but now they are on a sliding path to less business growth and reason both Westpac & NAB have jumped on BNPL financiers but I see more dilution through more regular Cash Raisings by the banks in months and years to come. I'm not saying banks will go broke but they not going to progress far if they can't do what APT & ZIP can do with fewer and less experienced staff. Why is APRA restricting the use of more experienced staff in banks so they can extend their Credit Card services? Some of the dimwits working for finance companies today just amazes me really because the good banks have the smart bankers and the rest are ending up.in shonky finance companies. I have asked before and I'd like to know which banks or finance companies or super funds have lent $billions on all the faulty towers in Melbourne & Sydney. So if any of your smart bank investors might know please share your knowledge.I don't have to hold shares in banks to benefit in our economy and as the RBA is involved in too much politics and creating some strange policy objectives I got to ask what is going on? Some of the small businesses I chat to say their businesses have dropped by 80% since June and some transport companies have seen a 50% drop off in cartage jobs for some retailers. Now it could just be a shift in transport contracts and just a seasonal issue in winter to have caused some consumers to stop buying cars but my information is that more car loans & housing loans are being rejected by a bank inside the big 4 and would be good to find out what is causing this squeeze apart from the winding down effect which occurred when everyone was expecting an ALP Government. Now remember when employees see a slow down in business their employer is seeing come through the door, it's likely staff start to fear for their jobs so they too stop spending. Well that happens in winter anyway , so.lets hope the warmer weather will change the mood for the better. Let's wait and see and watch NAB over next couple years to see if it can keep its dividend at these current levels even after a CR . Debate and sharing real knowledged should not be feared but welcomed by the intelligent folk investing in bank shares. I am but one person using my critical eye on this NAB. Cheers.