2019-09-06T12:00:00+10:00 : I had promised myself not to respond to any more, but your last couple of posts just jump all over the place and it is hard to understand what your point actually is, so I just can't help myself................so here goes, I'll try..
"So you believe the extended terms offered by Humm and Latitude entering the market are unlikely to have any competitive effect on the BNPL sector "– What is your point here. Suggest you go to the APT threads and warn them of impending doom.
"...and you will ignore people such as myself who have had lending experience"– Hmm, hard to believe given your lack of understanding of lending practises- perhaps your experience was solely in retail lending 
"....especially during retail downturns and seeing mortgage payments being delayed etc and my working at Perin Court dealing with slow payers and the lies they tell?" Huh?? 
"…..and ive met some ex NAB people who should be in jail for the misleading information they peddled in asx reports where people actually lost money and yet they ended up getting a senior advisory roles at ANZ Bank."  Probably a most telling comment - Would appear you have a particular axe to grind, not the altruistic quest for answers you would have us believe

And then your post on 6/9/19 again jumps all over the place, but I'll try and comment on a couple of points from it........:-
 "You or another may have said NAB are providing an undrawn facility for AfterPay and now that is interesting too because that would indicate any number of things if I knew the finer agreement & NAB obligations as an underwriter or could they pull out if still undrawn if things turned sour? " You are fixated with one particular facility approved by NAB. You don’t seem to understand it is a Revolving facility required for cash flow purposes. It was undrawn at that particular date, but may have been utilised the day before or the day after – I’d suggest you try and do some research on this type of facility because you can’t seem to get your head around how it works and it’s own particular risk profile. Of course it would also have other conditions and covenants which would be linked to APT’s trading. All quite normal business lending and again why are you fixated on the NAB thread about one facility. 
"That would have ramifications for APT surely". Withdrawal of credit to any Company would have ramifications
"…and NAB would be better off as a finance company" That comment just doesn’t make any sense??. 
"If they had better skills they could have become like Macquarie if they were not so shifty in their approach" I’m at a loss for words, that is a bizarre comment. Again just seems you have a vendetta!

"…….and reason both Westpac & NAB have jumped on BNPL financiers" BNPL is current flavor of the moment and growing in the payment model sector and of course the Banks will be involved however they can!! 

"Why is APRA restricting the use of more experienced staff in banks so they can extend their Credit Card services?" No idea what you mean by this comment.
"Some of the dimwits working for finance companies today just amazes me really because the good banks have the smart bankers and the rest are ending up.in shonky finance companies"True, finance Companies had their share of dimwits as do most industries for that matter!!

"……I'd like to know which banks or finance companies or super funds have lent $billions on all the faulty towers in Melbourne & Sydney." Certainly a potential risk for lenders, but it is also true that inner city units have always been a concern for banks and why they usually have restricted lending criteria on those purchases and Banks do not like concentrated exposure to that sector. Whether individual banks have a “material” exposure because of the cladding issue I cannot tell you but I imagine investors in those units have the most to lose percentage wise.
Banks obviously have challenges and risks, but this fixation with particular issues doesn't recognise any risk mitigation banks inherently have with the size of their business and diversity of customer. 
Banks need to adapt and change with technology and competition from different sectors just like any other business and will not always get it right  - probably an understatement
Anyway, that's all I got...............................