2019-12-31T17:24:00+11:00 : JC - they had 20 odd thousand breaches and were self reporting to AUSTRAC and they corrected that error in their systems at the same time - not 23mil as with WBC - who got caught out by the regulator.In any case that has nothing to do with the quality of their on-line banking services - as it relates to customers.You don't have to believe me personnally. It is well documented - and for several years - that CBA leads the pack - they actually spent a lot of funds developing their on-line systems over a decade ago and that was their goal. As I mentioned, NAB CEO gave an address to shareholders about 3 or 4 years ago saying NAB's goal was to match CBA within 5 years and made the admission that CBA were well ahead of the banks. Again, that would be on record.To be honest, have no info regarding Westpac or ANZ other than they are well behind CBA and NAB. I know some people who bank with Westpac and they do NOT give a shining endorsement of Westpacs systems at all.In this case JC, you are wrong with this one  mate

Originally posted by JCoure:
            ↑


Well, I went on to the ASB site to test whether Australian banks had as good a portal as the American banks like Wells Fargo, Citi and Canadian Banks like Toronto Dominion. the ASB/ CBA site is much poorer even compared with English/ Scottish/ Singaporean and HK banks. Now the Australian CBA site might be better, Ihave no way of testing but judging by ASB, I would not hold my breath. And the air quality is better here in NYC save for sleet than it is in Sydney especially after Tanya Goldberg’s fireworks in a total fire ban.So for mine, ideas that CBA is ahead on digital is ridiculous, I mean why did they have the AUSTRAC fines then, and that Inquiry that the non-banking experience Chair Livingstone created, and the fines and the data breaches and the AML situation. The evidence points to CBA being the worst of the banks not the best. Even the fines and penalties to date and the Royal Commission bear that out.As for NAB, it did get punished in the Royal Commission but not by as much, the scandal was not down to the digital side as the digital side was not much developed.ANZ and Westpac (despite the latter’s AML flaws and potential fine) appear based on the evidence to have the best. And no scandal, not yet anyways.

Expand