2019-09-01T10:38:00+10:00 : Have to say - and don't take it personally - that I am a bit confused about all you have written.1) Banks do not determine the cost of living. Even taking into account tighter ending practices.2)Losing business that was seen to be more risky may well be a very good thing. I suspect, the leakage is not as big an impact as you may be making out.3) There are a multitude of people who are NOT executives and millionaires but people such as you and I.4) It does tend to amaze me that people can have such a narrow vision when it comes to certain industries - banks and the public service come to mind quickly. It is "the Bank" as if this evil entity arrived from space and is now trying to dominate us all. Banks employ over 2% of the workforce. The rank and file don't really get that good a pay and they are normal, even average, people - with mortgages, kids to raise and bills to pay. They are the bank too. Maybe forgotten in people's hatred of the banks.5) I think I will ignore your sell recommendation. I have to ask why I would sell when I am getting a fairly secure 6% after franking - 8.5% pre-franking dividend return and the SP has been trending upward since the royal commission. Unless, of course, you could recommend a better place to invest in at the moment. I can't think of one personally.

Originally posted by Gillysrooms:
            ↑


Yes I agree however APRA is strangling the banks ability to lend and whilst banks are profitable enough now to fund the good looking well dressed people in the branches with good manners , I'm expecting their profits will either stagnate or drop over future years and that is main reason I have a sell on the big 4 , not sure about CBA yet. ANZ Bank is into financing business more so need to see more figures and time to pass but generally the banks are losing good business because they cannot lend to many proposals being put by car dealers who need to use other lenders to get many deals across the line and when you see it happening across many car dealers and an education Dept  buyers are getting their applications dropped because HECs are now regarded as a liability sum or the bank has increased cost of living to $3400per month then a borrower even can't buy a unit in Bendigo, then how can you invest in a bank which can only lend to executives and millionaires? If your buying for today's profits then your going to screw your money against the wall. Imo the writing is on the wall. The banks are dying by APRA decree. NAB is the most vulnerable at moment imo having lent too much on AfterPay which is not like when they purchased Custom Credit which was making solid money. DYOR 

Expand