2020-08-17T14:19:00+10:00 : There's no need to go with tin foil hat.I am what I like to call a realist. i can see a couple of things regarding vaccines, and the main one is that the time, effort and engergy to establish one that actually works, and then get the population of the globe actually vaccinated, is likely to take years.  The fact that up until late last year, we knew nothing of Covid19, makes me skeptical that a vaccine (if one is found) will be extremly difficult to actually produce.   The amount of false starts to find something that works, and doesnt cause as much damage as COVID 19 will take a fair whack of time.  Before anyone starts talking about they have had a year to study it, frankly, thats bullish.  I work in a hospital, and I think it would be extremely difficult to have a concrete treatment plan for patients suffering with COVID, given hospitilisation accompanies co morbidities in most cases.  i.e.  we are likely better off the population getting the virus over the vaccine at the moment (all things considered including current rates of infections, and death).After this occurs, then and only then will there be a return to normality.  Air new zealand gave us some guidance over their outlook.  an 800 day project where they can realistically start achieving profit again.  That means 3 years before they believe anything like normal can be applied to their financial outlook.  I see no reason why this wouldnt extend to greater society.As a result, 5 years before normality is resumed (that is life pre covid returning) is actually realistic, with a couple of additional built in factors, such as worsening outlook, and things taking a bit longer than first anticipated (thanks to global secondary and tertiary outbreaks resulting in yet more economic struggle).Note, I still rate NAB a buy at these prices.  It wont drop much further, and the outlook re covid is here to stay for the next 2 years.  Going back to my war theory, using history as a guide, the best way to make an economy recovery is war, (case in point, post global depression) there are already the seeds of war sown where the EU zone finishes, and asia minor starts (read border conflicts between Greece, Cyprus and Turkey over you guessed it, maritime borders, and resources like gas and oil in the sea) and you have the perfect ingredients for a global war to follow on from where we left off in Syria, Libya and the like.The world has been reaching a boiling point for a while, and whilst I can appreciate the optimistic outlook in people, the realist tells me, that the current economic situation is about to cause havoc globally.  why else do you think #brexit occurred??