2020-04-28T14:17:00+10:00 : I don't disagree with those comments and have never suggested otherwise!
I am merely responding to the sudden many claims from non holders about NAB specifically without regard to facts. Capital levels and planning for a major disaster of this magnitude seem to be favourites. NAB maintains its capital within regulatory compliance which is designed to ensure safety  during problem times. Any Company needs a capital management policy and it is rarely a good use of capital just to retain as reserves (But of course the Basel accord requires certain amounts).
Return of capital to shareholders is another important plank for many companies including banks, but this will sometimes mean they will need to raise capital in some events.
Covid-19 obviously comes into that category and I have not seen any suggestion by any regulator that any of the banks have been remiss in not preparing for just such an emergency. (easy to claim they should have)
I have also been around a fair while and have held various levels of NAB shares off and on for many years (first bought some in 1986)
I am well aware of some of the diabolical decisions and outcomes over that time and NAB has gone through many ups and downs in regard performance and reputation. I also know investing through the ASX is not a black and white science and outcomes can mean different things to different people! 
I am purely commenting on the position of the Company & SP right now and see current SP levels as an opportunity (and yes it could go lower) As I said earlier I will apply to participate in the SPP, but I am in no way advising anyone else to
There are posters who are coming on here making claims with a sell sentiment however not explaining why someone should sell now (when SP has dropped so much just like its peers!) which to me is just opportunistic band wagon jumping! 
I repeat what I said earlier:-
If you feel that NAB is destined for the scrap heap and SP will not recover then sure don't buy and if you hold, you should probably sell.
Personally I see this as a (relatively) short term downturn and I will participate in the SPP. I believe NAB is still well positioned when economy gets back on track and has the ability to still generate significant profits. Everything is currently geared to improving capital position and driving through the looming recession. It still has sound fundamentals regardless of what some on here would have you believe 
Just my opinion and jumbled sentences. Did not mean to get in a long running argument. Will leave it to others.