2020-05-07T18:12:00+10:00 : Investor uncertainty, extended lock-downs? Who knows? Strange times with stranger events all having funny impacts on the economy these could cause a SP of below $20 in 12 months.Even with Australia being one of if not the safest places to be in the world at present and having an excellent response to this event. This event itself has been far more disastrous than the GFC. You're talking about a pandemic on a global scale that impacts on everyone, not just one particular country more than others, but every human in every country. Not just the greedy housing and finance industries in the USA. The travel industry has been wiped out, not just in Australia but across all countries except for essential freight. We also have huge domino/knock on effects with varying degrees of effect on the economy - ie Restrictions in movement, business closures, event shut downs etc. etc. etc... The biggest uncertainty of all being the future, ie how long are lock downs, what happens if restrictions are eased and we have big outbreaks, Is China going to be held accountable, will this lead to a war if China fails to allow an independent investigation into what happened, why and to allow a plan for future prevention to occur.Look at the RBA cash rate at the moment as well, since 2011 its been on the decline, we have had a housing down turn in Australia which lead to lower rates to stimulate the economy and now you have even lower rates due to the virus having almost no impact on household expenditure. How are banks going to make any money in the near term when people are unemployed, drawing down super, out of work on Jobkeeper, commercial and residential tenants look for rent assistance and others with loans look to re-finance. The government being close to $1 trillion in debt which is about $40,000 per Australia. Things are not looking good and its going to take a looooonnnnggg time for a recovery. If anything its likely to get worse before it gets better if history is anything to go off. But hey, we havent had this before so history cant really be used as a guide on an event that has not occurred before.Even at present we are only just assessing if we should look at opening any sort of borders between parts of Aus and NZ. International travel anywhere else is still months away.Id hang onto the cash you have because we don't know whats around the corner. Anyone who claims they know paints their face, puts on a red nose before their shows and loves getting into small cars with the same sort.