2020-04-08T13:53:00+10:00 : Unless you've been living under a rock or only communication is reading nonsense on HC about expected yields it has been plainly obvious that banks along with many other industries would be affected by our current events.
Apra hasn't said they can't (pay divs) but Dividend payments need to be subject to strict stress testing and discussion with Apra. I think the bank's would have come up with the same answer regardless of any Apra involvement (at least I hope they would have)
Banks capital adequacy is already highly regulated and absolutely no reason why Apra shouldn't be ensuring they stay strong.
I think banks will be keen to pay something but will depend on capital position and the state of the economy (stress tests) I am sure the Government would prefer them to pay also, however primary aim is to get through current situation and come out with minimal impact. Ensuring the Banks balance sheets are strong enough to get back to paying full (prior) dividends is far more palatable then the alternative. What do they say about short term pain........................ 
I also hate underwriting of Divs and the easy access it would give underwriters to large amounts of shares at these prices. (If they tried to buy that volume on market they wouldn't get so cheap!)
(I also think Apra's message is about getting it out there to people who do not understand the full economic impact) 
The banks are not forced to pass on any interest rate cut in full at all That is purely populist nonsense and the media love playing it up and the Government happily plays along. The Reserve bank is usually well aware of what sort of level the rate cuts can be passed on! (Competitive pressure usually dictates how far they need to go)
We are currently in unusual circumstances with Governments around the world imposing restrictions they never dreamt of. To single out the banks and suggest it is akin to nationalising them is not taking into account the expected (hopeful) relatively short term nature of our current predicament.