2020-07-27T10:52:00+10:00 : Very good and I do agree.Housing is in a "special" situation at the moment. Prices are at a premium level and the true economic impacts won't occur until 2021 and that will put a huge stress on RE prices.RE may be holding up now but I think that maybe because those who own real estate may find that the current market lacks demand for any sales and that the fear of selling in the current environment is also evident. Plus, we can't rule out that those holding RE are just as mystified on what the future holds as we are. One other point is that if RE dous have a significant dip then maye rentals will too - that could tempt some people to sell now in the hope they can get a reasonable short/medium term rental arrangement and then buy back into RE at a lower price.What that will do for bank SP's is the big question. Personally, I can't see NAB for instance dropping all the way back to its recent lows. I think it should be able to trace in a band $17-19 for a while yet - maybe test $17.

Originally posted by Freeguy7:
            ↑


Great input, and cannot say I disagree with you, for one second.Personally (disclosure: not a home owner yet) I feel with the levels of household debt, and ever increasing economic strain we are experiencingit should be almost a given that it is largely over-capitalised and be very exposed? Is that a fair enough call? Happy to be corrected..My income has gone down approx 35% and I can't say I feel great, but I do believe there will be a significant bounce-back in the years to come.In the overall scheme of things, think we have incredibly lucky so far... compared to numerous countries.Not by any means trying to be right, as I'm not a property analyst, or economist.. just growing increasingly weary, and suspect of the countless articles both the REA and mainstream media keep publishing regarding how defiant the property market is, and this worries me. The other thing too, as I've said earlier I don't take any joy in the likelihood of this occurring, as it will hurt a lot of people.Look forward to your reply.

Expand