2020-04-04T23:57:00+11:00 : Very interesting chart, thank you for sharing. Funny how the virus starts with a bang in China and then has way higher representations of infection from pretty well all other countries almost like it never happened in China to begin with at all! I just found it amusing how universities always rave on about "ethics" to students while they study, then turn around and do anything at any cost to society just to get the students. By paying students to self quarantine for a few weeks before getting to Australia was at least in my view one of the most irresponsible and unethical things that could have been done, as it exposed many random third world countries to people who theoretically were of high risk, then it exposes a second group (Australians).  Only point here is there was a lot of very avoidable overlooked basic duty of care for Australians for a few bucks that we are all paying for now by having a completely shut down economy that may end up making the 1929 depression look like a fun picnic day while we all owe the IMF trillions of dollars that we never asked for for a pandemic not much greater than your average yearly flu in risk.  Who on earth undemocratically shuts down an entire country completely causing the entire country to be unemployed and then takes it out on some poor dude eating a kebab minding his own business?  I guess this was all agreed for by under agenda 21 plan sponsored by IMF (at undisclosed interest rate) and then sold to the people as the coughing zombie apocalypse just so nobody turns over cars on the street paris style once they realise its all probably one big financial scam (not that anyone could as no groups and social distancing lol).  Australia really is starting to look more like North Korea every day.All IMO of course!  squirrels opinions only.... I guess my squirrel attitude probably just exists only due to me standing on my nuts all day. Then we add the standard disclaimers...Some settling may and is likely to occur during transportation, contents may contain traces of peanuts, eat kebabs at own risk .... Not a licensed Kebab advisor. Corona hysteria may result in IMF trillion dollar debt all while not offering an actual  product or useful infrastructure. No disclosure statement of course to those on mandatory unemployment benefit which may now be half the country (this sure makes my hecs debt that I can't use now anyway seem like pocket change anyway)..... I still can't believe they shut down the entire country just because of a cough... I guess it could be worse....it could have been a fluff!