2020-06-07T11:08:00+10:00 : Ok, a couple of facts here about the Banks that your graph doesn't factor in1. Unlike  ALL  recessions in history. We caused this; on purpose. Our governments killed the economy to protect us from the Virus.2. Further, because government caused this, they put lots of cash in place to protect businesses and their employees. This is an unprecedented move. Usually recessions creep up over time and Goverments act much later to mitigate the effects of recessions. 3. Further still the Goverments (state and federal) are pumping further funds into the economy to fund projects to kick-start the economy. Theyre doing this NOW. 4. Prior to this COVID, the Aussie economy was doing very well.5. The Aussie banks shored up their balance sheets substantially after the GFC. And were in the best position of any banks in the world leading into  COVID.6. Millions of migrants still want to move here. We live in the most desirable country in the world. This will continue to support our ridiculously expensive property market7. Australia has been almost the most successful country in the world in stopping COVID in its tracks, with NZ being the only one who did better due to their geography, tiny population of just 4 million and strict government policy.8. Our economy is restarting and the effects for the banks, although large, haven't been anywhere near as bad as predicted and the time frame has been very short. 9. Banks are STILL trading at massive discounts so the upcoming hurt is factored into their share prices. 10. And this is the biggest point of all; economists worst case scenario for COVID predicted a loss to the banking sector of approx 50 billion - that was WORST case. It assumed a much much longer period for the VIRUS and far greater job losses than have occurred. But the flip side to that was the slide in the SP took around 150 billion from their market value. So there turned out there was 100 billion of "fat" to make from owning bank shares, even if the worst case occurred. But it hasnt, and is highly unlikely to occur now. Hence the massive rebound of the Aussie banks. In closing, graphs can we useful tools but as Homer Simpson says; "ÿou can use statisics to prove anything".