2020-04-19T07:11:00+10:00 : It is possible it works, but it is also possible the leak was to manipulate the stock market and push up demand.  Similar to the promoting of the Chloroquine/Hydroxychloroquine.The end of this article is walking back the claims.If it was such a game changer as I said in the ANZ forum about Chloroquine then everyone would be using it, we would all be back to normal and the stock market would be booming.  The drugs was used in two trials in China in January and stopped because they could not enrol enough patientshttps://edition.cnn.com/2020/04/18/us/sec-investigation-request-coronavirus-drug-leak-remdesivir/index.html.There's a separate large trial of remdesivir sponsored by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, part of the National Institutes of Health, which does include a control group.Dr. Kathryn Hibbert, director of the medical intensive care unit at Massachusetts General Hospital, is participating in the NIAID trial. She said it's not at all clear to her if the drug is having an impact."We have seen patients who've received remdesivir who've had remarkable recoveries and we've seen patients who've not received remdesivir and had remarkable recoveries," said Hibbert, also an instructor at Harvard Medical School. "Overall, patients are doing well and have made recoveries, even the sickest of the sick." Doctors 'need to question their assumptions'Since most patients recover from Covid-19, she said, physicians need to be careful before they ascribe a patient's improvement to any particular treatment."As human beings, we are so conditioned to tie an intervention with outcomes and establish a causal relationship between those two things," she said. "I change a patient's meds and the next day they look better, and it could be because I changed their meds, or it could be they were destined to get better anyways for other reasons."She added that doctors need to question their assumptions. "Our gut feeling is so influenced by what's in front of us and the last patient we treated that it's pretty dangerous to make decisions based on that gut feeling," she said. "The whole reason to run trials is our guts are notoriously misleading. That's the entire rationale for a science and evidence-based approach."Hibbert said it will take weeks or months to get results and doctors and patients will need to wait for the results of the clinical trials before knowing which Covid-19 patients -- if any -- should be getting remdesivir."I think we should be extremely cautious about responding too enthusiastically to early data that has not been thoroughly vetted," Hibbert said. "In the scientific community, over decades, we've established that critical review of clinical trials is the best way to determine if the data is strong enough to inform clinical decisions."