2020-01-31T09:30:00+11:00 : NAB did not need to worry as the Royal Commission is only now being considered. Ken Henry is still on the ASX Board and bar Thorburn's replacement and NAB's Andrew Hagger going to Mindaroo, not much has changed yet. Even Frydenberg remains Treasurer. See the write up below'Betrayed': Hayne casualties in limbo a year laterJames Frost, Aleks Vickovich, James EyersA year after the sensational inquiry carved through the executive ranks of the biggest financial services companies, many of those tarnished by the inquiry remain in limbo.The only person to be convicted as a direct result of the Hayne royal commission has described the inquiry as a colossal waste of time and money, nearly 12 months since the final report was issued on February 4 last year.Former Dover Financial boss Terry McMaster, who collapsed in the dock and left the building in an ambulance, said the royal commission and the regulators had failed to deliver.“The royal commission did not live up to its initial promises, at least those made by politicians,” said Mr McMaster. "It focused on the little guys, destroying their reputations and livelihoods."A year after the sensational inquiry carved through the executive ranks of the biggest financial services companies, many of those tarnished by the inquiry remain in limbo. They speak of careers and lives "destroyed", being "betrayed" by their companies and not being able to return to work.Terry McMaster says his health has suffered and is convinced his downfall was part of a conspiracy orchestrated by the corporate regulator.  More than a dozen people who left the industry after appearing, or being implicated by evidence in the hearings, are still waiting for the entire raft of career-ending referrals yet to be tested in court. Former Supreme Court judge Bob Austin said those who had their reputations destroyed didn't get a "proper opportunity" to defend themselves, and ASIC had a responsibility to "clear the air" if enforcement actions did not  materialise.Among the high-profile names who left their jobs are AMP chairman Catherine Brenner and chief executive Craig Meller, NAB chairman Ken Henry and chief executive Andrew Thorburn, and IOOF chairman George Venardos and chief executive Chris Kelaher.They join former CBA chief executive Ian Narev, who stepped down in 2017 when the AUSTRAC money-laundering scandal engulfed the bank. More recently, Westpac chief executive Brian Hartzer also stepped down after his bank encountered problems of its own with AUSTRAC, despite performing well in the witness box and the bank escaping the inquiry with barely a scratch.'It became a circus of gotcha'Only a handful of those who left their jobs following the royal commission have returned to corporate life and even fewer are willing to push their luck by talking about it publicly.A director of a company that was caught up in the royal commission maelstrom predicted little would change as a result, arguing that the regulators were more focused on pursuing legal action than tackling some of the key challenges facing the wealth sector.Those challenges included the direction of superannuation returns in a low-interest environment, the need to make financial advice available to middle Australia and the undermining of the concept of risk pooling in insurance."The regulators are not focusing on that. It's a bit of a worry," the director said. "In terms of fundamental changes to the financial services sector, it will have no impact at all."Kenneth Hayne declined to comment, saying he wished for the report to "speak for itself". The director criticised the process for ambushing witnesses with a line of questioning designed to catch them out."It became a circus of gotcha. It will take decades for companies to get their reputations back," the director said, adding that the spectacle also fuelled the culture wars."It highlighted the notion that big business is bad in a way that is probably not helpful," he said.As a result of the "gotcha" mentality, the director said, companies were becoming overly concerned with messaging rather than strategy."We are managing headlines more than ever. So much time is spent on wordsmithing to avoid a gotcha moment," the director said.Commissioner Hayne declined to comment, saying he wished  for “the report [to] speak for itself and to allow the political processes to work their way through without my commenting on those processes or seeking to add to or vary what was to be said in the final report”.The positive impact of the final report can be measured in numerous ways. In dollar terms, the big four banks have provided for $7.2 billion in customer compensation.Former judge and now barrister Bob Austin says: "Reputations were ripped apart without a proper opportunity for them to defend themselves." Evans & Partners analyst Matthew Wilson expects this bill to rise another $2.1 billion or 30 per cent to a total of $9.3 billion in 2020.The legislative workload designed to tilt the playing field back towards the customer is equally impressive.Of the 76 recommendations made by Hayne, 54 were directed at government. Fifteen have been acted upon, leaving the government with a pile of almost 40 recommendations and trolley loads of legislation to get through in the year ahead.Notwithstanding the shift in focus from the banking and wealth industries there are many who believe that capable and honest executives were sacrificed in the process.Mr Austin is among the many members of the legal fraternity who feel that witnesses at the hearings and executives who were implicated in their evidence were hard done by.“There is a question about whether the process that was applied in the royal commission was a wholly fair process," Mr Austin, now a commercial barrister, said.“Reputations were ripped apart without a proper opportunity for them to defend themselves. The reports of hearings have created an environment where, once a person has been attacked in the royal commission they become, in the press, emblems of incompetence or wrongdoing, notwithstanding that they may well be innocent.”Mr Austin points out that more than a year – and in some cases almost two  – after they were eviscerated without an opportunity to defend themselves they are still waiting on proceedings. He said ASIC had a responsibility to accelerate its decisions and let them get on with their lives.A former witness added that some of the questions were designed to grab media attention and that sometimes detailed questions were unfairly asked of senior executives.'It has destroyed quite a few people's lives'One director lamented the human toll. "It has destroyed quite a few people's lives. I know several people who haven't gone back to work. The person who appeared was often the spokesperson, the person who happened to be leading the business at the time."One former witness said she was still scarred. "How can you not be? My mother would receive calls asking if I had done anything wrong and if I would be going to jail. As a witness you become the face of it."The former witness pointed to a lack of rules for evidence and argued that emails were often misconstrued as having a certain meaning, which was often not the case."They took 10 years of emails from your inbox and ran algorithms over what was written and made judgments in hindsight over the motive. But it might have been banter," the former witness said.One of the few witnesses to have been already dealt with by ASIC, Sam Henderson is looking to put it all behind him.Allens partner Michelle Levy was also critical of the royal commission environment where the rules of evidence were not as stringent in a court of law.She also points the finger at the media for sensationalising aspects of the hearings and failing to follow up on the written submissions filed in defence."The damage to personal reputations was all in the examinations when people were not in a good position to defend or explain themselves," said Ms Levy."The defences were all in the written submissions afterwards and which got almost no publicity, but which are being looked at closely by ASIC, and class action firms, in deciding who to commence proceedings against."As to the lack of re-examination, there was certainly an aspect of optics here: no one wanted to look like they were being defensive, or defending what had been presented as indefensible. But also any attempts by counsel acting for the witnesses to put questions were extremely poorly received.Some who were caught up in the proceedings said they felt the burden of the commission was worn disproportionately by women."Men were smarter at making sure they weren't in the hot seat. Women were more likely to say yes. 'We're part of the team. We're troopers.' We weren't as savvy."Another said: "Women were not worrying as much about their position and what's in it for me. It is a generalisation but there is definitely an element of truth."One witness said they felt abandoned by the company after their appearance. Before appearing, they felt like they were part of the team, wanting to explain their and the company's actions, only to find later that their reputation had been damaged both outside and inside the company."As a witness, your initial feeling is that you are part of a team. You feel connected, but that turns pretty quickly. I felt quite betrayed. You become collateral damage," a former witness said.One source who was caught up in the banking royal commission said lawyers were unprepared for the aggressive nature of questioning. 'The preparation of witnesses was completely inadequate," the source said.In sharp contrast to the banking royal commission, some witnesses noted that the aged care royal commission was far less aggressive and combative and was likely to achieve better outcomes.Terry McMaster was convicted of false and misleading conduct in relation to what counsel assisting described as “Orwellian” client protection policy.He insists he never received a single client complaint and the problems with his business “could have been fixed with a phone call.”He said his health had suffered and is convinced his downfall was part of a conspiracy orchestrated by the corporate regulator.