2020-03-26T18:20:00+11:00 : Either an individual is a glass half full person or a glass half empty person - I'll vote for me being in the former category. You seem to be in the other camp Panic merchants always see the world through dark glasses. Those that keep their heads normally have a better view looking forward.I give this virus six months to work itself out. The recovery will be a V shaped one. You should be able to work the rest out.

Originally posted by TJ1988:
            ↑


Foot max you say in 12 months time full recovery, based on what? That’s complete speculation, say for example the virus mutates to now killing 10% of all ages, then tell me what your 12 months time prediction will be.... I personally think it will be a lot longer, don’t forget the virus has just made contact with humans not so long ago, with how fast the mutation rates of micro organisms are it is very hard to predict where we will be in 12 months time. I think for now it’s cautious uncharted times ahead. I still think there is a lot more down time to come. Australia has not even seen anything wide spread yet! Also the lock down laws and restrictions have just begun, what happens when government passes legislation to freeze all mortgage repayments, this means not even having interest charged on loans that have been deferred? The banks still have massive outgoings, with small business completely finished and adding a freeze on mortgages, your looking at a share price of $7 to $8 over night with no more dividends. Be realistic, your wild guesses of a “full recovery in 12 months time” is laughable.Also what happens when this thing drags out and the government expenditure goes through the roof and the government runs out of money. Yes they can continue to print cash as the other government however once this thing recovers where do you think the money is gonna come from to repay all the extra print cash as well as all the borrow money/created funds. Thanks are financial institutions they will be the heaviest affected out of this kind of positions. It is gonna take years upon years upon years for the economy banks nation in the globe to recover from this.There is much dark times to be had before we come out on the other side this is only the beginning

Expand