2020-05-13T15:08:00+10:00 : Hey Loco, being an investor in the financial market since many years, there are three or four reasons bank share prices being so depressed, three factual and one being my own opinion. 1. There is something worse than worse case scenario for humans, and that is not knowing what the worst case scenario is. People are having a hard time appreciate the impact of the coronavirus and does get jittery when investing (investing on updays, selling out on down days which exaggerate the volatility of the market). 2. interest rates are low. Banks are very “easy” investments - low interest rates - low bank SP, the higher interest rate, the more valuable are the shares that you are holding. 3. Many are not interested in “waiting a year” for a return, even if the return is substantial. Many are looking for daily or weekly riches, buying into “cool” or “new tech” stocks and banks, financial institutions seems boring and slow overall. 4. (This is my opinion) Twenty five years ago everyone didn’t invest because it was much more hassle to do so, but today every single person can open a trading account. Back then only those with knowledge of the market and the companies they invested in, did in fact invest. Today it is full of people that might have done impulsive, uneducated decisions (eg. invested into companies because they listened to a colleague who made “heaps of money in a week”). These people are probably not interested in banks stocks because they are slower and in the big picture, they’re not that volatile (you will not make 100% profit in two days). I personally only invest in old, sturdy companies within the financial sector because I understand these companies and their operations fully -   I never even look at other markets even though it’s sometimes tempting. I personally think NAB is an absolutely brilliant investment decision if you can put the money away for 2+ years. I am myself invested since much higher prices and completely happy with that. I hope this helped you somewhat and good luck to you