2020-03-31T19:18:00+11:00 : See the youtube video below: www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LngZAUzEXoThe real estate comment about Mirvac's Waverly or what is now suburban Mulgrave compared to "Prime real estate location" Docklands is quite a Conan O'Brien or Benny Hill moment. Quite funny. I liked your post and gave it a "Great Analysis" for the comic value in that suggestion alone. It is such prime real estate I guess that is why the ex Lord Mayor and everybody else forgot about knocking the thing down. At least with VFL Park, it took the 1991 Grand Final events in the rooms, 28 years before the MeTooMovement amongst other things to thwart the developers in that case. In terms of Docklands, the AFL could try and sell it, but it would not change their predicament IMHO or NAB's poor location for a HQ.BTW NAB may like to think the Docklands became like Waverly but in truth IMHO it never has and the occupancy in what is now Mulgrave is much above the unoccupied AML query infested apartments or commercial resi sitting anywhere near Docklands Stadium. Dog boxes in Glen Waverly, near the VICPOL Academy, a mere 5 miles away go for entry level $1.5 - $2 million AUD pre-Wuhan crisis, bigger land plots, $3.888 million. You would never have seen those prices paid in the Docklands for those dog boxed pre-Wuhan crisis. So the" outer " SE Melbourne suburbs now close to every VICPOL recruit were better sellers than the deep and darkest Docklands where you probably needed free carry to stay safe IMHO.FoxTel is not a TV network, that is NEC. And was 7 and CBS 0-10 Network. FoxTel was meant to be a subscription content provider but it was enormously loss making due to the poor reception and poor "paid" subscriptions attached to the AFL, NRL, Rugby, Cricket and Simpsons (when that was still rating). Now it is as dead as a fossil."Prime real estate location", the Docklands, says whom? Mirvac would find that notion hilarious. See the attached demonstration of the parj in the outer suburbs pre-demolition. It is now surrounded by multi-million AUD duplexes pre-Wuhan virus.www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LngZAUzEXoS.E. Melbourne is worth as much if not more because it is a much better location and when (and if) law and order becomes more difficult, the AFL is in a far worse place than if it was at Jolimont/ Richmond or what is now called Mulgrave.NAB as well of course. Their HQ is not in a place to be caught in a lockdown or after IMHO. Needs Australia to have the Second Amendment arights and free carry to make that area of the NAB HQ area safe IMHO. Better to be near the VICPOL Academy but I guess NAB models already have that in them?