2021-10-14T09:25:00+11:00 : ?? Huh.
Are you saying you purchased NAB shares when they announced the buy back expecting a short term significant gain noting NAB had already risen near enough to 100% by then after the Covid lows??
The buy back was a $2.5b on market buy back to be carried out over approx 12 months. In total this is only about 2.5 - 3% of capital being bought back over approx a 12 month period!!
They were never going to flood cash into the market short term which would increase demand and artificially inflate SP
The buy back also (pleasingly) was intended to cover any DRP during the time it is open. Hopefully we have also seen the back of the annoying (to me) practise of underwriting DRP's with a move to more conservative pay out ratios.
The real advantage to an on market buy back such as this is longer term as it is another plank in helping to increase EPS and Dividends.
Of course market sentiment will dictate any Sp movements however I am pleased we are seeing a reduction in shares on issue over the longer term instead of continual increases.
Obviously much more likely to expect a significant increase if the SP is low and the company continues to produce sound financial performance which all the bank bashers during Covid couldn't seem to come to grips with.
The nonsense on here advising people not to buy banks when SP's were in mid teens was unbelievable!
Purchasing at current levels probably requires a longer term outlook, although hopefully we still see some steady appreciation.
I see you intend selling however also believe SP will rise after you sell!?
I guess everyone should stick to an investment strategy that suits them
Throwing company names around that have increased more than NAB in the recent short term is largely irrelevant.
I certainly know of many companies I thought would perform well (& did) but didn't buy into. I also know of some I thought would do well that haven't!!
Pretty sure there are very few people that actually pick winners all the time and short term timeframes and expectations can be problematic unless of course you are a trader in which case you would be well familiar with the roundabout of wins and losses and of course the Company name becomes a side bar..............